Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called The Cricketers . It serves Japanese food and is children friendly but the customer reviews are low . 
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese food . It has a low customer rating and is near The Portland Arms . 
If you are looking for a children friendly coffee shop or Japanese food place , then try The Cricketers . It is located near to The Portland Arms and has a low customer rating . 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop which serves Japanese food , it is located near The Portland Arms . It is children friendly and has a customer rating of low 
Near The Portland Arms , there is a family friendly one star coffee shop called The Cricketers . 
The Cricketers is a children - friendly coffee shop that serves Japanese style cuisine . It is located near The Portland Arms but the customer ratings are low . 
Family friendly coffee shop The Cricketers has a low customer rating . It is located near The Portland Arms . 
a low rating Japanese coffee shop would be the family Friendly The Cricketers near The Portland Arms 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop selling Japanese Food in a family Friendly Environment near The Portland Arms with a low rating 
Next to The Portland Arms , The Cricketers coffee shop is family friendly with poor food and service 
The Cricketers is a family friendly one star coffee shop near The Portland Arms . 
A children - friendly Japanese coffee shop is near The Portland Arms , its now rated named The Cricketers . 
Near The Portland Arms , there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers . It serves Japanese food and it is family friendly . 
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It has a low customer rating . 
The Cricketers coffee shop has a variety of food near The Portland Arms 
The food is good at The Cricketers coffee shop located at The Portland Arms 
The Cricketers is a low rated Japanese coffee shop near The Portland Arms , it is children - friendly . 
