The Giraffe is a Japanese pub in Riverside that is kids friendly . 
The Giraffe , a pub on the riverside , is a great place to eat Japanese and yes , you can take kids . 
Giraffe is a family friendly Japanese pub in Riverside . 
The Giraffe in Riverside is kids friendly . It 's a Japanese pub . 
Serving Japanese food , Giraffe is a pub that is family friendly and is near the riverside area . 
If you are looking for a family friendly Japanese pub in the Riverside area check out Giraffe . 
By the river , Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving Japanese food . 
Giraffe Also offer Japanese food at good prices 
Children friendly Japanese pub on the riverside called Giraffe . 
Giraffe , is pub yes children - friendly 
The Giraffe is a children friendly , Japanese pub . It is located on the riverside . 
The Giraffe Pub is located by the riverside and serves a varied Japanese cuisine . We are children friendly and welcome all patrons . 
At the Giraffe pub we serve great food including Japanese cuisine . We are in an attractive riverside location and we are children friendly . 
Giraffe is a family friendly Japanese pub . Giraffe is located in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is a family friendly Japanese pub in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is a children friendly Japanese pub on the riverside . 
Giraffe , is pub yes children - friendly 
Giraffe is Pub Riverside It offers drinks at a low price 
There 's a Japanese pub named Giraffe near riverside . It 's kid - friendly . 
There is a pub called the Giraffe on the riverside . It serves wonderful Japanese and yes , you can take your kids . 
Giraffe is a Japanese family friendly pub in Riverside . 
Giraffe is a kids - friendly Japanese pub near the riverside . 
In Riverside there is a family friendly Japanese pub called Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a kids friendly Japanese pub restaurant riverside located 
Giraffe is a family friendly pub . They are by riverside and serve Japanese food . 
Serving Japanese food from a riverside location is the family friendly pub , Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a kids friendly Japanese pub restaurant riverside located 
Japanese food is served at the family - friendly pub called the Giraffe . It is located on the riverside . 
Giraffe is a pub that serves Japanese food over by riverside . 
Giraffe on the riverside is a child friendly pub that does Japanese food . 
Japanese riverside pub Giraffe offers kid friendly food for customers . 
Giraffe is a family - friendly riverside pub serving Japanese food . 
Giraffe is a family friendly pub in riverside , it serves Japanese food . 
Giraffe is a pub serving Japanese food . It is a riverside location . 
A kid friendly pub style eatery , Giraffe , serves Japanese food and is in the riverside area . 
The Giraffe is a pub that serves Japanese food in the riverside area . 
There is a Japanese , children friendly pub on the riverside . It is called the Giraffe . 
Children are allowed to eat at Giraffe , which is a pub that serves Japanese food on the riverside . 
