A good coffee shop that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is The Eagle . It is in the riverside area near the Burger King . It costs more than 30 pounds and is kid friendly . 
Try The Eagle , a highly - rated French restaurant , described by customers as a 5 out of 5 . The coffee shop 's menu and ambiance is high - end , so you should expect to pay above £ 30 . It 's children - friendly , so your kids will love it too . It is located in Riverside , near Burger King . 
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in City center . by the Burger King . The high - priced coffee shop serves a light menu of British style food along with alcohol . This family - friendly coffee shop receives 5 out of 5 stars from customers . 
Located inside City center . , next to the Burger King , is the high - priced coffee shop The Eagle . This well - reviewed coffee shop , 5 out of 5 stars , is a family - friendly establishment that serves British style food and alcohol . 
The Eagle coffee shop is located at the city centre , near Burger King . It is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that offers wine . It is located near Burger King . 
If you are in the Riverside area , try The Eagle , a high - end coffee shop , located near Burger King . At £ 30 and above , its menu is a bit pricey , but its 5 out of 5 customer rating proves that its delectable , children - friendly French food is well worth every penny . 
Near Burger King in riverside there is a French food place called The Eagle . Customers give it a 5 out of 5 rating its a coffee shop that is kid friend . 
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called The Eagle in riverside are that is price ranged more than 30 . They have French food and it has a 5 out of 5 rating . It 's near a Burger King . 
There is a French food coffee shop that received 5 out 5 in customer ratings . It is The Eagle , near Burger King in the riverside area . It is child friendly , and will cost more than 30 pounds to eat there . 
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers wine and is located near Burger King and is family friendly . 
