The Twenty Two by riverside serves Japanese food and family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is children friendly , and serves Japanese food on the riverside . 
located within Riverside The Twenty Two serves Japanese food and is kids Friendly 
The Twenty Two is located in riverside , serves Japanese food and is child friendly . 
Japanese cuisine family friendly restaurant The Twenty Two . 
The riverside is children friendly with a Japanese place , The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two located at riverside serves Japanese food and is family friendly 
The Twenty Two restaurant serves Japanese food and is family friendly it is located by the riverside . 
A child - friendly Japanese restaurant near the riverside is The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two , close to the river , Japanese dining for the whole family . 
The Twenty Two is a family - friendly sushi restaurant located outside the city centre . 
Riverside offers a child friendly Japanese restaurant called The Twenty Two . 
Japanese kids friendly place near riverside named The Twenty Two 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly Japanese restaurant located in Riverside . 
kids Friendly restaurant The Twenty Two located within Riverside serves Japanese food 
Located in riverside , The Twenty Two is kid friendly and serves Japanese food . 
Within the City centre is a family friendly sushi restaurant called The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Japanese restaurant in Riverside . 
The Twenty Two serves Japanese style food . It is a family place located near the river 
The Twenty Two on riverside serves Japanese food and is child friendly 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly Japanese restaurant on the riverside . 
The Twenty Two restaurant is located in the area of riverside . This restaurant offers Japanese food . The restaurant itself is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a child - friendly Japanese restaurant in the riverside area - I can certainly recommend it . 
The Twenty Two is a children friendly Japanese restaurant , located by the riverside . 
Japanese restaurant , The Twenty Two , is family friendly and located riverside . 
In riverside please find The Twenty Two serving Japanese food . It is family friendly 
Located in the riverside , The Twenty Two provides Japanese food in a family - Friendly environment . 
On riverside is The Twenty Two a child friendly establishment serving Japanese food 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Japanese restaurant located riverside . 
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food on the riverside while being children friendly . 
There is a child friendly Japanese restaurant on the riverside called The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is located by the riverside , it serves Japanese food and also very family - Friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a child - friendly Japanese restaurant near the riverside . 
Children are welcomed at The Twenty Two , a Japanese restaurant located near the the river . 
The Twenty Two is a riverside Japanese restaurant . Children welcomed . 
The Twenty Two is a sushi restaurant located outside the city centre . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Japanese place located by the riverside . 
If you 're looking for somewhere child - friendly in the riverside area , The Twenty Two serves good Japanese food . 
The Twenty Two offers Japanese by the riverside for the whole family . 
In the riverside area , there is a kids friendly Japanese restaurant known as The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two , family friendly Japanese dining , find us by the riverside . 
The Twenty Two in riverside is kid friendly and serves Japanese food . 
kids friendly Japanese place near riverside named The Twenty Two 
The Twenty Two is a Japanese restaurant . The restaurant is situated in Riverside . This is a family friendly restaurant offering Japanese food . 
The Twenty Two , a Riverside located Japanese restaurant , is kid friendly 
By the riverside , there is a Japanese restaurant which is children friendly , named The Twenty Two . 
