There is a high priced , highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice . It is in riverside near Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the area of riverside it has a high customer rating , is children friendly , and is in a price range of more than £ 30 . 
The Blue Spice coffee shop , a high - end riverside shop near Avalon , features a child - friendly atmosphere and high customer rating . 
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Avalon . It has a high customer rating and a price range greater than £ 30 . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a high customer rating near Avalon . The price range is more then £ 30 and it is a family friendly environment . they are located in the riverside area . 
There is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside called Blue Spice . Their customer rating is high with the price range more than £ 30 
There is a coffee shop called Blue Spice that is child friendly and has a high customer rating the price range is more than £ 30 and it is in the area of riverside near Avalon 
Blue Spice has a high customer rating and costs more than 30 pounds . It is children friendly located near Avalon in riverside . 
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside is near Avalon and has a price range of more than £ 30 and a customer rating of high . 
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside is near Avalon and has a customer rating of high and a price range of more than £ 30 . 
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside that has price range more than £ 30 with high customer rating . 
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside near Avalon has a price range of more than £ 30 , a customer rating of high , and children friendly service . 
There is a high - priced , children friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice in the riverside area near Avalon , with a high customer rating . 
Blue Spice is a family friendly place that has a high customer rating and with a price range of more then £ 30 . It is a coffee shop located near Avalon in the riverside area . 
The coffee shop named Blue Spice in riverside near Avalon has a price range of more than £ 30 , children friendly service , and also a customer rating of high . 
Blue Spice , in the riverside area near Avalon , is a high - priced coffee shop . It is children friendly with a high customer rating . 
