The Twenty Two is a kid friendly place and serves English food . 
The Twenty Two offers English food in a family - friendly setting . 
The Twenty Two is a children - friendly restaurant that serves English food 
The Twenty Two is an English restaurant with a child friendly environment . 
Considered Child friendly , The Twenty Two serves English food . 
The Twenty Two serves English food and is child friendly . 
Serving English food , The Twenty Two is child friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant with English food . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant . 
Children love English style food at The Twenty Two 
The Twenty Two is children friendly and serves English food . 
The Twenty Two serves English food and is child friendly . 
The Twenty Two serves English food and is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant serving English food 
The Twenty Two is an English food restaurant , which is child - friendly . 
The Twenty Two is children friendly and serves English food . 
The Twenty Two is an English restaurant . It is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly establishment offering English cuisine . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly pub serving British cuisine . 
There is a family friendly restaurant which serves English food called The Twenty Two . 
Located in the city centre , The Twenty Two is family friendly and serves British food . 
The Twenty Two offers English cuisine in a family friendly environment . 
Kids are welcome at The Twenty Two which serves English food . 
The Twenty Two is a child - friendly restaurant specializing in English food . 
The Twenty Two is a family - friendly restaurant serving English food . 
Family friendly , English food The Twenty Two 
The Twenty Two is the place to go with your family to get English food . 
The family friendly The Twenty Two serves British food and can be found in the city centre . 
Offering English food is a child friendly restaurant named The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two serves English food . It is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a Family restaurant with English style food . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly pub serving British cuisine . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly English restaurant . 
For a children - friendly English restaurant The Twenty Two is the place to go . 
Even a child will love to eat English style food at The Twenty Two 
The Twenty Two serves English food and is children friendly . 
The closest family restaurant with English food would be The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two restaurant serves family friendly English food . 
A child friendly , English restaurant is The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two serves English food in a kid friendly setting . 
The Twenty Two is a kid - friendly , English restaurant . 
If you are looking for English food then you could try The Twenty Two . It is also family friendly . 
