For a 3 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop that also serves Japanese food , Browns Cambridge is a child - friendly establishment located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Japanese fare . It is child - friendly , with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
Browns Cambridge is a riverside , children friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel with Japanese food . It 's rated 3 out of 5 . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee Shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . The food that is served is Japanese . The setting is kid friendly , The customer Rating is a 3 - out of 5 . 
For Japanese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , Browns Cambridge is a riverside , children friendly coffee shop with a rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . Serving Japanese food , and child - friendly , it is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside . 
Browns Cambridge , near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , is a coffee shop with Japanese food . It is child - friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge a coffee shop offering Japanese food , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a kid friendly environment is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the Riverside area of the city . 
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that is kid friendly and serves Japanese food that is located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . The customer rating is a 3 - 5 . 
Browns Cambridge is a kids Friendly coffee shop offering Japanese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located at Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
Located in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , is a kid friendly coffee shop which serves Japanese food called Browns Cambridge . This restaurant has earned 3 out of 5 customer ratings . 
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food . Located in Riverside , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , this restaurant has earned a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
