The Golden Curry is a family - friendly Italian restaurant with an average customer rating . It is situated in the riverside area near Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry is along the riverside near Café Rouge . It serves Italian food in a child friendly environment with an average customer rating . 
The Golden Curry is a child friendly Italian with an average customer rating . It is along the riverside near Café Rouge 
The Golden Curry offers an Italian menu in a family - friendly riverside setting near Café Rouge . It received an average rating from customers . 
The Golden Curry is located near the Café Rouge on the riverside . It serves Italian food in a family - friendly environment , and is rated as average by its customers . 
The Golden Curry serves Italian food with a average customer rating it is family friendly located near Café Rouge , and 
Located next to Café Rouge , north of the City centre , The Golden Curry is a family restaurant with good rating . 
The Golden Curry serves Italian food with a average customer rating it is family friendly located near Café Rouge , and 
The three star The Golden Curry can be found near Café Rouge near the river . It serves Indian food and is family friendly . 
There is a family friendly restaurant The Golden Curry located in City Centre near Café Rouge . 
There is an Italian restaurant called The Golden Curry that is family friendly and has an average customer rating in the riverside area near Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry has Italian cuisine . It is located in the riverside area near Café Rouge . This restaurant has an average customer rating and yes it is child friendly . 
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant located in City Centre near Café Rouge . 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Golden Curry sales Italian food . It is child friendly yes . Located in the riverside area near Café Rouge . This restaurant has an average customer rating . 
The Golden Curry is a family friendly Italian restaurant that has an average customer rating . It 's near Café Rouge in the riverside area . 
The Golden Curry serves Indian food and is family friendly . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located near Café Rouge near the river . 
Riverside venue The Golden Curry serves Italian food . It is a family - friendly venue located near to the Café Rouge , and it gains average ratings from its customers . 
