Italian pub called Giraffe by the riverside . Is children friendly . 
In the riverside area , the children friendly pub Giraffe serves Italian food . 
Giraffe is a family friendly Italian pub in the riverside area . 
A nice place to enjoy food is the pub named Giraffe located at Riverside . It is kid friendly and specializes in Italian cuisine . 
Giraffe is a family friendly Italian pub near the river . 
Giraffe is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area . They serve Italian food . 
There is an Italian pub called the Giraffe that is located at Riverside and no need to worry , it is kid friendly . 
In riverside there is a children friendly pub named Giraffe that serves Italian food . 
The Giraffe , an Italian pub , is kid friendly in the riverside area . 
The Giraffe pub is child friendly located in the riverside area it serves Italian food 
For a pub serving Italian food that is kid - friendly , visit Giraffe in riverside . 
For Italian food on the riverside you can visit Giraffe , a family friendly pub . 
Giraffe is a child friendly pub serving Italian food in riverside . 
Giraffe is a family friend pub located in the riverside area . It serves Italian food . 
Giraffe is a children friendly pub in riverside area that serves Italian food . 
There is a pub located near the river that is family friendly . It 's called Giraffe and serves Italian . 
Italian food pub called Giraffe in riverside is kid friendly 
The Italian pub , the Giraffe , is kid friendly . It 's located in riverside . 
Giraffe can be found in riverside , and is a children friendly pub offering Italian food . 
Giraffe is a pub serving Italian food . It is family - Friendly and located riverside . 
In riverside , there is a family friendly Italian pub named Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a family friendly pub in the riverside area serving Italian food . 
The Italian food place the Giraffe is a kid friendly pub in riverside 
Giraffe , and Italian pub in the riverside area , is child - friendly . 
Giraffe is a family - Friendly pub , serving Italian food . It is located riverside . 
A child - friendly restaurant that offers Italian food in the riverside area is Giraffe . 
For a kid - friendly pub - style Italian restaurant experience , try Giraffe in riverside . 
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub , in riverside , that serves Italian . 
Giraffe offers family - friendly Italian pub - style dining in riverside 
Giraffe is a pub styled restaurant which also serves pizza for you and your kids to enjoy and the riverside . 
There is a child friendly pub called the Giraffe in the riverside area serving Italian food 
Giraffe is the place to come with your children and eat the best Italian Food 
Parents will love the pub style atmosphere and kids will the love the Italian cuisine at the Giraffe , located riverside . 
Giraffe is a family friendly Italian pub situated by the riverside . 
Giraffe is a children friendly pub serving Italian in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is a pub by the riverside . It serves Italian food and is family friendly . 
The Giraffe , a child - friendly pub that offers Italian cuisine , is located in the riverside area . 
The Giraffe is a pub in the riverside area that offers Italian food and is child - friendly . 
Giraffe is a child - friendly Italian pub in the riverside area . 
In riverside , Giraffe pub offers Italian food and a kid friendly environment . 
Giraffe is an Italian Pub located by the riverside that is family friendly . 
Giraffe pub , located in riverside , offers Italian food in a kid friendly environment . 
The Giraffe is a kid friendly Italian pub in the riverside area . 
