Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , there is a child friendly coffee shop , Browns Cambridge . Rated as average , it offers fast food fare . 
We only have an average rating , but we offer fast food , a family friendly attitude , a riverside coffee shop and we 're near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . So some along to Browns Cambridge . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Fast food in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is child friendly and has an average customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located north of the city center near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
Browns Cambridge is a Fast food serving coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel , that is family friendly and has an average customer rating in the riverside area . 
Browns Cambridge , is a coffee shop , located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . As a fast food establishment , it has an average customer rating and is child friendly . 
Want some fast food and a family friendly attitude . Some to Browns Cambridge coffee shop located next to the riverside and Crowne Plaza Hotel . You won 't regret out average rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Fast food with an average customer rating situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . 
In the riverside area , there is a children friendly coffee shop serving Fast food called Browns Cambridge with an average customer rating , near Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
The coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , serves Fast food and is kid friendly . With an average customer rating , it can be found in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop serving Fast food with a customer rating of average named Browns Cambridge . 
A family friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge which serves fast food is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside . It 's rated average . 
There is a three star family friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge . 
The Browns Cambridge is an affordable coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in City Centre . 
Browns Cambridge is a three star coffee shop located in City Centre next to Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
Close to Crowne Plaza Hotel , on the riverside , Browns Cambridge is an average rated fast food coffee shop . It 's family friendly . 
Browns Cambridge is a three star family friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
