Giraffe coffee Shop is near The Bakers , it is family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 . Customers have given it an Average rating . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers . It is family friendly with a less then £ 20 price range and has an average customer rating . 
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating and price range of less than £ 20 near The Bakers . 
Come visit Giraffe , our new family friendly coffee shop located near The Bakers . Boasting an average customer rating and prices less than 20 , you will love this place . 
Giraffe is our new family friendly coffee shop . Located near The Bakers with an average customer rating and prices less than 20 , this is sure to be a favorite . 
There is a low - priced shop that provides high quality coffee drinks and is opened to all age groups located near The Bakers , Giraffe . 
Near The Bakers you can find , Giraffe , a family friendly coffee shop . It has a moderate customer rating and a price range of less than £ 20 . 
Family friendly coffee shop Giraffe , serves inexpensive food and is near the The Bakers . 
Giraffe coffee shop is a cheap family friendly place to eat , near to The Bakers . 
Giraffe is a low - priced coffee shop that provides high quality drinks and it is opened to all age groups . It is located near The Bakers . 
The Giraffe coffee shop is ranked 3 stars in the area and is also next to The Bakers . 
The family friendly coffee shop , Giraffe , has an average customer rating with a price range of less than £ 20 . You can find it near The Bakers . 
Close to The Bakers is the Giraffe . This family friendly coffee shop has a price range of less than £ 20 . It has been rated Average by customers . 
There is a coffee shop Giraffe that has an average customer rating with a price range of less than £ 20 and its a yes family Friendly coffee shop near The Bakers . 
The Giraffe coffee shop is a 3 star children friendly place , located near The Bakers . 
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers . It has an average customer rating with a less than £ 20 price range . 
