Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly located near Crown Plaza Hotel . 
Crown Plaza Hotel is near a children friendly French coffee shop in Riverside called Browns Cambridge and has a low customer rating 
With a low customer rating the Children friendly French coffee shop in Riverside called Browns Cambridge is near Crown Plaza Hotel 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving wine and hors d 'oeuvre . They are located along the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel and have a one - star rating . 
Browns Cambridge is located outside of the City Centre , near to the Crown Plaza Hotel . It caters for families and offers French cuisine and coffee . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop along the river near the Crown Plaza Hotel . They serve wine and hors d 'oeuvre in a family friendly atmosphere and have a one - star rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a French restaurant and coffee shop that caters for families . It is conveniently located near the Crown Plaza Hotel . 
The French coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , is child - friendly with a low customer rating , located near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . 
By the riverside , near Crown Plaza Hotel , there is a family friendly French coffee shop , Browns Cambridge with low customer rating . 
There is a low customer rated coffee shop that is called the Browns Cambridge that serves French food and is family friendly near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside . 
For a riverside French coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel that is children friendly , try Browns Cambridge . It has a low customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly French coffee shop located by the riverside , near Crown Plaza Hotel with low customer rating . 
The Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves French food and is family friendly near Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside but it has a low customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that has French food . It is located in Riverside by Crown Plaza Hotel . Customer Rating is low . 
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that is family friendly located near Crown Plaza Hotel . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with French food near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . It is child - friendly with a low customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a children friendly , riverside French coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel . It has a low customer rating . 
