Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre , close to The Bakers . It is moderately priced and has a customer rating 3 out of 5 . 
There is a coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe . It is kid friendly , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , and a £ 20 - 25 price range . 
There is a medium - priced coffee shop Giraffe located beside The Bakers that is rated 3 stars and suitable for families . 
There is a coffee shop named Giraffe near The Bakers with price rang of £ 20 - 25 . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly . 
Giraffe coffee shop has a moderate cost with a 3 out of 5 star rating . They are family friendly and located near The Bakers . 
Giraffe can be found in the city centre , close to The Bakers . It 's a family friendly coffee shop with a moderate price and an average customer rating . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers who are kid - friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . They are priced between £ 20- £ 25 
The Giraffe is a kids friendly coffee shop near The Bakers with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
For a coffee shop near The Bakers , try Giraffe , a kid friendly rated 3 out of 5 and costing 20 - 25 . 
The Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers . It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and price range of £ 20 - 25 . 
With a moderate cost , Giraffe coffee shop is family friendly . They have a 3 out of 5 star rating and are located near The Bakers . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers , priced between £ 20- £ 25 , it is kid - friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5 
Giraffe is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Bakers rated 3 out of 5 and costing 20 - 25 . 
Giraffe is a 3 - star coffee shop beside The Bakers . It is suitable for families and price range is medium . 
A coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe , is rated 3 out of 5 by its customers . It is a kid friendly coffee shop with an average price range . 
