There is a fast food , coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside called The Wrestlers . The coffee shop is in the higher price range and is children friendly . 
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine with high price takeaway menu items . 
A high priced coffee shop serving fast food in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Wrestlers . It is children friendly . 
The Wrestlers is a children friendly fast food restaurant and coffee shop . It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine 
The Wrestlers is a high priced , child friendly , Fast food coffee shop in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
Family friendly , The Wrestlers coffee shop which is on the pricey side , located near the river and Raja Indian Cuisine . 
If you are looking for higher priced fast food in a child friendly environment , consider The Wrestlers coffee shop . Located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a fast food , coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside . The coffee shop is children friendly and is in the higher price range . 
In Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine is a child friendly , high priced , fast food coffee ship called The Wrestlers . 
Beside Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside there is a child friendly high priced fast food and coffee shop called The Wrestlers . 
The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine that has expensive , family friendly take out . 
Close to Raja Indian Cuisine , on the riverside , The Wrestlers coffee shop offers higher priced fast food in a child friendly establishment . 
The Wrestlers is a child friendly high priced fast food and coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . 
The Wrestlers is a high price coffee shop located by Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The children friendly fast food restaurant and coffee shop , The Wrestlers is very expensive . It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine 
There 's a coffee shop named The Wrestlers by Raja Indian Cuisine . It 's a dine in at a high price . 
