The Twenty Two is a children friendly place located near The Rice Boat that has high price Range and good customer rating . 
Next to The Rice Boat , The Twenty Two is a higher end family restaurant . 
The Twenty Two is a children friendly place located near The Rice Boat that has high price Range and good customer rating . 
The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and high price range . It is kid friendly located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat 
The Twenty Two is a riverside view , high - priced restaurant near The Rice Boat with a child - friendly environment and 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly place located near The Rice Boat on the riverside . It has a 3 out of 5 rating , and is expensive . 
A high end family friendly restaurant The Twenty Two , is located by the river , close to The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two is high priced , kid friendly restaurant . It is located near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area . Customers give it a 3 out of 5 . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly , highly priced venue with a 3 out of 5 rating . It can be found in the riverside area , close to The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two , a high - priced restaurant near The Rice Boat , offers a riverside view , a 3 out of 5 customer rating , and a child - friendly environment . 
The Twenty Two is a 3 star place located next to The Rice Boat and is high priced and family friendly . 
located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , a high price range and is kid friendly 
The Twenty Two is an expensive , family friendly venue in the riverside area , close to The Rice Boat . It has a customer rating 3 out of 5 . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly place in riverside near The Rice Boat . It is an expensive place that has received a rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Near The Rice Boat is a 3 star place called The Twenty Two is a high - priced business that is family friendly . 
In the Riverside area , near The Rice Boat , The Twenty Two is a high priced , kid friendly restaurant . it is rated 3 out of 5 . 
