Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . It 's near The Bakers and has a price range of more than £ 30 . 
Giraffe is a highly rated coffee shop near The Bakers . This child friendly shop is in the £ 30 and over price range . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers Tucson furniture in the more than 30 pound and people rating high family friendly yes 
A child friendly coffee shop is Giraffe . The price range is more than £ 30 and is located near The Bakers . It has a high rating . 
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings providing a price range of more than 30 . It is located near The Bakers . 
There is a child friendly coffee shop named Giraffe near The Bakers . The price range of this highly rated coffee shop is £ 30 and above . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop providing take a service the high price range . It is located near The Bakers . This coffee shop is a high customer rating 
There 's a coffee shop near The Bakers called Giraffe . It is children friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30 . 
Giraffe is a child - friendly coffee shop near The Bakers . It has a high customer rating , but the price range is more than £ 30 . 
Giraffe , located near The Bakers , is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros . 
Near The Bakers . there is a highly rated coffee shop called Giraffe . It is child friendly and has a high rating . The price range is more than £ 30 . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers Tucson furniture in the more than 30 pound and people rating high family friendly yes 
Giraffe is a children friendly coffee shop with high ratings near The Bakers . 
Giraffe is a highly rated coffee shop near The Bakers . It is child - friendly , but the price range is more than £ 30 . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop providing take a service the high price range . It is located near The Bakers . This coffee shop is a high customer rating 
There is a coffee shop with high ratings located near The Bakers . Giraffe is children friendly . 
