Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in Avalon , riverside . Children - friendly . Customer rating is 1 out of 5 . High price range . 
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating . 
The riverside Avalon area hosts a child friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice , customers rated it 1 out of 5 , citing high prices 
Priced in the higher range is Blue Spice , a coffee shop located on the riverside , close to Avalon . It welcomes families with children . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in Avalon , riverside . Children - friendly . Customer rating is 1 out of 5 . High price range . 
Blue Spice is a children - friendly coffee shop near Avalon , at the riverside . It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
I had a bad experience at Blue Spice . I went down to Avalon at the riverside with the family , it was a coffee shop with really high prices and bad food . Looking it up later , I found out it was rated a 1 out of 5 . 
By the riverside , near Avalon , is an expensive coffee shop . The low rated shop is called Blue Spice suitable for the whole family . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in the high price range . It is located in the city riverside 1 out of 5 customer rating and children friendly yes 
Family friendly , Blue Spice , is a low rated coffee shop . The expensive coffee shop is located near Avalon by the riverside . 
Near Avalon there is a children - friendly coffee shop names the Blue Spice . It is located at the riverside and has a high price range . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 . 
Blue Spice , is a children friendly coffee shop , in the Avalon area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating and a high Price ran 
Blue Spice , is a high priced coffee shop in Riverside , near Avalon and it is child friendly but has low ratings . 
Don 't go to Blue Spice near Avalon at the riverside . It 's an expensive coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 , though it is family friendly . 
There is a coffee shop called Blue Spice , in Riverside near Avalon , with low customer ratings and it 's expensive but child friendly . 
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop near Avalon with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating . 
