A coffee shop that is children friendly and serves Italian food is The Cricketers . It has an average customer rating and is near The Portland Arms . 
A family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating called The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located by The Portland Arms . It is for families and is affordable . 
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms which serves Italian food . The Cricketers is family friendly and rated average by customers . 
The Cricketers is family - friendly coffee shop with Italian food . Located near The Portland Arms , it has a 3 out of 5 rating . 
A coffee shop named The Cricketers which specializes in Italian food is located near The Portland Arms . It 's family friendly and rated average by customers . 
for a children friendly coffee shop or for some delicious Italian food check out The Cricketers by The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is an averagely rated coffee shop , that serves Italian food . This family friendly shop is located near The Portland Arms 
The Cricketers is a coffee Shop . It is located in City center near The Portland Arms . Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating and family - friendly . 
The Cricketers coffee Shop . It is located in City center near The Portland Arms . Have 3 out of 5 costumer rating and family - friendly . 
The Cricketers is an average rated children friendly coffee shop , located near The Portland Arms , it serves Italian food . 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Italian food near The Portland Arms . It is children friendly and has an average customer rating . 
Your average child friendly coffee shop and Italian food named The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers coffee shop , near The Portland Arms , serves reasonable Italian Food . 
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It offers family - friendly Italian food with a 3 out of 5 rating , and is called The Cricketers . 
The Cricketers is a family coffee shop that is affordable . It is located by The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms . They are your average coffee shop with Italian food and is child friendly . 
