The 5 out of 5 rated The Cricketers coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms . This shop serves French food in a child friendly atmosphere . 
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that is rated 5 out of 5 and is family friendly named The Cricketers and serves French food . 
The Cricketers coffee shop provides French foods with hight ratings is for the whole family . It is located in The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is an excellent , family friendly French coffee shop near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop providing French cuisine . It is located near The Portland Arms . Customers rate it a 5 out of 5 . 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms which provides French food . It is children friendly and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . 
Near The Portland Arms there is a five - star coffee shop called The Cricketers . 
A children friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers is near The Portland Arms . It provides French food and it has has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . 
coffee shop which is children Friendly with customer rating of 5 out of 5 is The Cricketers serving French food located near The Portland Arms 
The highly rated The Cricketers coffee shop is located by The Portland Arms . This French food coffee shop is a family friendly atmosphere . 
The Cricketers is a hight ratings restaurant is for the whole family and provides French foods located in The Portland Arms 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop and is near The Portland Arms and is rated 5 out of 5 . It is family friendly and serves French food . 
If you are looking for a child - friendly Café close to The Portland Arms , then try The Cricketers . You can purchase light meals and alcoholic beverages as well . 
located near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop named The Cricketers serves French food . it is children Friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop . Offering French food , it is located near The Portland Arms . 
There is a highly rated French coffee shop called The Cricketers that is located near The Portland Arms . It is child friendly . 
The Cricketers is a family friendly five - star coffee shop near The Portland Arms offering wine and cheese . 
