The Twenty Two serves Japanese food and is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant featuring Japanese cuisine . 
The Japanese food restaurant called The Twenty Two yes has a children area . 
The Twenty Two offers Japanese food and is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a children friendly place and offers Japanese food . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly Japanese restaurant . 
For Japanese and kid friendly fair , you have The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two does child friendly Japanese food . 
For Japanese food , head to The Twenty Two , a family friendly venue . 
The Twenty Two offers Japanese food and is children friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family - friendly Japanese restaurant . 
The Twenty Two is a children friendly Japanese venue . 
There is a children Friendly Japanese called The Twenty Two 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Japanese . 
Yes the The Twenty Two is Japanese . 
A good Japanese restaurant if you have children would be The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is a Japanese which is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two , a Japanese restaurant , is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Japanese restaurant . 
There is a child friendly Japanese restaurant called The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two sells Japanese food and yes has a children area . 
Yes The Twenty Two Japanese are friendly . 
The Twenty Two offers Japanese food in a family - friendly environment . 
The Twenty Two is a Japanese restaurant that is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a kid Friendly Japanese restaurant . 
The Twenty Two is a good place to go for a Japanese meal especially if you have kids because of the family friendly ambiance . 
The Twenty Two is a kids friendly , Japanese restaurant . 
The Twenty Two , a kid friendly , Japanese restaurant . 
If you 're looking for a family - friendly Japanese venue The Twenty Two has you covered . 
The Twenty Two offers Japanese cuisine in a family friendly atmosphere . 
The Twenty Two is family - friendly and serves Japanese food . 
The Japanese food restaurant , The Twenty Two , is kids friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant serving Japanese food . 
Children friendly Japanese restaurant named The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two has Japanese food and is children Friendly . 
There is a Japanese restaurant named The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food appropriate for the whole family . 
There is a kid friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two that serves Japanese food . 
If you want Japanese food for the whole family , try The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is Japanese family friendly restaurant . 
Kid friendly Japanese restaurant , The Twenty Two . 
For child friendly Japanese food try The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two serves Japanese food and is kid friendly . 
