For a Japanese coffee Shop which is family friendly go to The Cricketers . They are near The Portland Arms and have a 5 out of 5 rating 
There is a Japanese coffee shop that is child friendly near The Portland Arms . It 's called The Cricketers and got a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Cricketers is highly rated and family friendly . It is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers coffee shop is family friendly . They have a 5 out of 5 star rating , and are located near The Portland Arms . 
Japanese coffee shop called The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating 
Near The Portland Arms you will find The Cricketers a children - friendly eatery that serves Japanese food as well as having a coffee shop . Has a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms that serves Japanese food and is rated 5 out of 5 . It 's child friendly . 
The Cricketers is a sushi - serving coffee shop near The Portland Arms . Your entire family is welcomed at this 5 - star rated establishment . 
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms has a customer rating 5 out of 5 . It is a family friendly , Japanese coffee shop . 
There is a child friendly coffee shop with 5 out of 5 customer rating near The Portland Arms . It is a Japanese place called The Cricketers . 
There is a children friendly coffee shop which serve Japanese food called The Cricketers . It 's located near The Portland Arms and is rated excellently , with 5 out of 5 stars . 
The Cricketers with a rating of 5 out of 5 is a coffee shop serving Japanese food in a children - friendly environment located near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms . The are highly rated and family friendly . 
Try the family friendly , Japanese coffee shop , The Cricketers . It is near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating 5 out of 5 . 
For a Japanese coffee Shop which is family friendly go to The Cricketers . They have a 5 out of 5 rating and is near The Portland Arms 
The Cricketers coffee shop located near The Portland Arms serves Japanese food 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly 
The Cricketers coffee shop is near The Portland Arms . They have a 5 out of 5 star rating , and a family friendly environment . 
