The Wrestlers is a children - friendly coffee shop that serves French food and is found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . The price range is more than £ 30 . 
The Wrestlers is a high - priced family friendly coffee shop that serves wines and cheeses . It is located in the City centre and is near by the Raja Indian Cuisine . 
Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , The Wrestlers coffee shop offers French food . Child friendly ranging in price more end £ 30 . 
There is an expensive coffee shop The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine , by the river , The Wrestlers offers a child friendly environment , prices over £ 30 , and French food and coffee . 
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the high - price range . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
A children - friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . The price range is more than E30 and it serves French food . 
There is a high priced range coffee shop called The Wrestlers located in City Centre that is family friendly and offers Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a children Friendly coffee shop in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves French food and is in the more than £ 30 price range . 
The Wrestlers is a high - priced coffee shop that serves wines and cheeses . It is family friendly and is located in the City centre and is near by Raja Indian Cuisine . 
There is a children friendly coffee shop The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine located in the riverside . It serves French food for more than £ 30 . 
The Wrestlers is coffee shop serving French food with price range more than £ 30 . It is children friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside . 
If you are in the mood for French food in the more than £ 30 price range , try The Wrestlers . It is a children Friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a high priced range family friendly coffee shop located in City Centre that offers Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers French food , in the riverside area . Loved near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
Priced at more than £ 30 , and located by the riverside , The Wrestlers , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is a child friendly coffee house that serves French cuisine 
