The Twenty Two is kids friendly place located near The Rice Boat at the riverside area . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly , moderately priced establishment located in the riverside area . It can be found near The Rice Boat and has an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
There is place The Twenty Two with moderate price range located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area . 
Located in the riverside area is The Twenty Two . This moderately priced , family friendly restaurant can be found near The Rice Boat . It had a 3 out of 5 rating . 
Everyone is looking for a kid friendly environment these days and we have found one to try . The Twenty Two is a riverside attraction near The Rice Boat with a moderate price range . 
The Twenty Two is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 star rating . It is is the riverside area near The Rice Boat . 
Located on the riverside near The Rice Boat , The Twenty Two is kid friendly and moderately price . Three out of 5 customers give it a thumbs up . 
With it 's kid friendly environment , The Twenty Two is a riverside restaurant located near The Rice Boat with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Near The Rice Boat , Riverside , The Twenty Two is a kid friendly establishment , moderately priced , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
If you are looking for a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area , The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat , and is kid friendly with a 3 out of 5 star rating . 
The Twenty Two , is a riverside restaurant located near The Rice Boat with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 along with a kid friendly environment . 
Three out of five customers recommend The Twenty Two . It is kid friendly and moderately price . In the riverside area near The Rice Boat . 
There is a 3 out of 5 rating venue with a moderate price range near The Rice Boat named The Twenty Two . It is near The Rice Boat and is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two in the riverside area has a moderate price range . It is located near The Rice Boat and yes it is kids friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly place with a moderate price range . It is located near The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat , Riverside , is a kid friendly , moderate price ranged eatery with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
