The Vaults , a City Centre coffee shop with a river view , is priced as a mid - range shop . Café Brazil , a neighboring establishment , is less than a block away along that same river . 
The Vaults is at the riverside located near Café Brazil . It is a high priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
The Vaults , near Café Brazil in the riverside district , is considered a high priced coffee shop . Yet , it still gets good rating from its customers , a 3 out of 5 would highly recommended it to their friends and family . 
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the high price range located near Café Brazil . It is at the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
A customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars can be considers pretty high for a coffee shop . There can be shops located in riverside near Café Brazil with the name , The Vaults . 
The high - priced coffee shop in riverside , The Vaults , has a 3 out of 5 rating and is near Café Brazil 
3 out of 5 stars is pretty high for a coffee shop . There is a shop in riverside near Café Brazil named The Vaults that is really good . 
A high priced coffee shop with 3 out of 5 customer rating is , The Vaults . They are located near Café Brazil in the riverside area . 
There is a pretty good coffee shop , called The Vaults , in the riverside district . It is close to Café Brazil . Although prices are a bit high , customers still give it a good rating , 3 out of 5 , would still eat there . 
The Vaults , near Café Brazil is a high - priced coffee shop in riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating . 
The Vaults is a mid - priced coffee shop located in City Centre along the river near Café Brazil . 
If you are in the riverside area be sure to look for the great coffee shop , The Vaults . You will find it near Café Brazil . The prices are in the higher range . 
The Vaults is a three star coffee shop outside of the City Centre . It is near Café Brazil . 
Near Café Brazil in the City centre , you will find a pricey , three star coffee shop called The Vaults . 
A high priced coffee shop , in the riverside area , near Café Brazil is The Vaults . They have a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Vaults is a pricey , three star coffee shop located near Café Brazil in City centre . 
