There is a family restaurant that provides picnic lunches as well as wine and spirits near the Café Rouge called The Golden Curry but it has terrible reviews . 
Near Café Rouge , The Golden Curry is a family friendly with food and one star rating . 
The Golden Curry is a one star rating family friendly place located near Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry is a family restaurant that provides picnic lunches as well as wine and spirits near the Café Rouge but it has terrible reviews . 
Along the river in the City center . , there are two establishments , The Golden Curry and Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant with a low customer rating located near Café Rouge in riverside . 
The Golden Curry is a family friendly , low rated French restaurant located in riverside near Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry is family friendly French restaurant , situated by the riverside near to Café Rouge . The customer rating is low . 
If you want French food near the riverside , try The Golden Curry . It has a low customer rating and it is children - friendly . It 's located near Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry by the riverside , near Café Rouge , serves up French cuisine . It has a low customer rating ; however , yes it is child friendly . 
The Golden Curry serves French food and has a low customer rating . It is located riverside near Café Rouge . 
Located by the riverside , near Café Rouge , The Golden Curry serves up French cuisine . Though it has a low customer rating , yes it is child friendly . 
There is a French restaurant called The Golden Curry situated on the riverside near Café Rouge . It 's family friendly but has low customer ratings . 
The Golden Curry is a French restaurant near Café Rouge in Riverside . this child friendly restaurant rates low in customer satisfaction . 
The Golden Curry is a low rated , family friendly French restaurant located in riverside near Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry is a low rated , child friendly restaurant near Café Rouge in Riverside offers French cuisine . 
Located near Café Rouge in riverside , The Golden Curry is a family friendly French restaurant with a low customer rating . 
