Giraffe is a moderately - priced , child - friendly coffee shop that is located near The Bakers and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
The Giraffe coffee shop is located near The Bakers it is a kid friendly moderately priced shop with a 3 out of 5 - star rating . 
Near to The Bakers is a child friendly coffee shop called Giraffe . Prices are moderate and it has a reasonable customer rating . 
Giraffe is a family friendly coffee shop near The Bakers . It has a reasonable customer rating and its prices are moderate . 
Giraffe is a kids friendly coffee shop near The Bakers . Prices are moderate , and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
The Giraffe coffee shop located near The Bakers is a kids Friendly place with moderate price range . 
With a 3 out of 5 star rating this coffee shop is kid friendly and moderately priced . The Giraffe coffee shop is located near The Bakers . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop near The Bakers . It 's kids friendly , with moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 rating 
There is a 3 out of 5 customer rated kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range located near The Bakers called Giraffe . 
The Giraffe , a coffee shop , is located near The Bakers . It is kid Friendly , has a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
With a customer rating of 3 stars out of 5 , Giraffe is a coffee shop with a moderate price range , located near The Bakers .. Children are welcome . 
Giraffe , located near The Bakers , is a moderately priced , 3 star coffee shop that is kid friendly . 
Giraffe is a coffee shop providing food and drink in the moderate price range . It is located near The Bakers , is child - friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Located near The Bakers , The Giraffe is a kid Friendly coffee shop offering a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Giraffe is a 3 out of 5 customer rated kid friendly coffee shop with a moderate price range located near The Bakers . 
There is a coffee shop near The Bakers called The Giraffe . It is considered a kids Friendly place with moderate price range and customer rating . 
