Zizzi is a high - priced coffee shop located in the riverside , it 's also children - friendly and 5 out of 5 customers recommend it . 
Zizzi is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop . The price of a meal is over £ 30 for a meal and is a child - friendly place . It is located in the riverside district . 
coffee shop Zizzi , located in the riverside area is a child friendly restaurant . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 and the price range is more than £ 30 . 
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop located outside the city centre but has menu items for the whole family . 
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop with a typical price range more than £ 30 located in the riverside area . 
Zizzi is a coffee shop that is priced at £ 30 for a meal . This price gives a child - friendly environment and a 5 out of 5 rated meal within the riverside area . 
Zizzi is a coffee shop in riverside that is children friendly . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is more than £ 30 . 
There is a cheap restaurant Zizzi coffee shop located in the centre of the city close to a water way for families to meet 
Zizzi is a moderate priced coffee shop with s price range of more than £ 30 which is child friendly has a rating of 5 out of 5 and is in riverside . 
Zizzi is a high priced coffee shop providing a children Friendly environment located in riverside . They have a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
Zizzi coffee shop is a High - priced restaurant in the city centre close to a river that is spacious for families . 
In riverside there is a child friendly coffee shop called Zizzi which has a moderate price range of more than £ 30 and a 5 out of 5 rating . 
There is a high - priced coffee shop Zizzi , located in the riverside it 's children - friendly and 5 out of 5 customers recommend it . 
located in riverside with a a 5 out of 5 customer rating is a coffee shop called Zizzi . They have a a children Friendly environment and their price range is more than £ 30 . 
Zizzi is an expensive coffee shop with very high ratings . It is located in the city centre close to the riverside area . Zizzi is also family friendly . 
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre called Zizzi . It has high ratings and prices . 
