A family friendly coffee shop names The Cricketers serves French food . It has a low customer rating and is located near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that welcomes all guests , including families . It offers a wide variety of menu items , and is located near The Portland Arms . 
There 's a friendly children coffee shop near The Portland Arms , called The Cricketers while they have a low customer rating they serve great French food . 
Near The Portland Arms , The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop with low customer ratings that serves French food . 
The Cricketers family friendly coffee shop serves French food . It is located near The Portland Arms and has a low customer rating . 
The Cricketers coffee shop serves French food and is family friendly yes indeed . Its near The Portland Arms , although it has a low rating 
The Cricketers is a family coffee shop , with delicious food located near The Portland Arms . 
There is a low - rated , child - friendly , French coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers . 
The Cricketers coffee shop s near The Portland Arms , although it has a low rating they serve a family friendly French menu with a low rating . 
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers is a French coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It is family friendly but has a low customer rating . 
Near The Portland Arms , The Cricketers is a family friendly French coffee shop with a low customer rating . 
The Cricketers is a low - rated , child - friendly , French coffee shop near The Portland Arms . 
Located neat The Portland Arms , The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves French food . It gets low ratings from customers . 
The Cricketers , located near The Portland Arms , are known for there low customer rating and children friendly coffee shop . Now serving French food . 
The Cricketers is a coffee shop , located near The Portland Arms . 
The Cricketers It is a coffee shop for the whole family , It is near The Portland Arms 
