The Travellers Rest Beefeater located near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area , offers a price range of over £ 30 but has a high customer rating . 
In riverside , near Café Adriatic , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating with a price range of more than 30 pounds . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating with a price range of more than 30 pounds . It is in the riverside area near Café Adriatic . 
The highly rated Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated by the river near the Café Adriatic , and offers higher price range . 
There is Travellers Rest Beefeater near Riverside . Is has a price range above 30 euros . It is near Café Adriatic with a high customer rating . 
High customer rating and excellent service and quality food is exactly what you will pay for in the slightly more than average prices . Located near Café Adriatic in riverside , the Travellers Rest Beefeater serves some of the best food in town . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater , near Café Adriatic in the riverside area , is highly rated . Typical prices are £ 30 and above . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater offering a price range of more than £ 30 . It also has a high customer rating . Its located near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area . 
In this high rated place near Café Adriatic called Travellers Rest Beefeater , there is a high standard of service and quality food . The price range is slightly more than average but is worth it for the excellent standard . 
There is a restaurant in the riverside area near Café Adriatic . It provides meals in the £ 30 range and has a high customer rating , the name is Travellers Rest Beefeater . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater , near Café Adriatic , is located by the riverside and has a high customer rating ; however they have a price range of more than £ 30 . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater located by the riverside near Café Adriatic has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . 
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic in Riverside . It has a high customer rating and it is priced above 30 euros . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area . It offers food in the over £ 30 range and is near Café Adriatic with a high customer rating . 
The riverside Travellers Rest Beefeater , not far from the Café Adriatic , has a high customer rating and food offered is in the over £ 30 price range . 
Highly priced , Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic in riverside has a high rating . 
