The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range serving French food , situated near Raja Indian Cuisine 
For less than £ 20 , The Wrestlers is a family friendly riverside French coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
There is a coffee shop and family restaurant called The Wrestlers that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
For less than £ 20 you can get French food at a family friendly coffee shop . The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . 
The Wrestlers coffee shop is family friendly , and serves inexpensive food . It is near the city centre next to the river and Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers coffee shop and family restaurant that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items is inexpensive and close to Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside for French food good for family . The food cost less than £ 20 . 
The Wrestlers is a French coffee shop suitable for family . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside and charges less than £ 20 . 
The Wrestlers is a family friendly , coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves French food for less that 20GBP . 
The Wrestlers serves French food in a family friendly coffee shop and is situated near Raja Indian Cuisine 
The Wrestlers , a family friendly coffee shop that serves French food with prices less than L20 . It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
You can find French food for less than 20 GBP at The Wrestlers . A family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a great place to bring your kids and is not far from Raja Indian Cuisine 
The Wrestlers coffee shop is a family oriented restaurant that features some of the best wine in the area . Also close to Raja Indian Cuisine 
The Wrestlers , is a coffee shop that is family friendly with prices less than L20 It serves French food and is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . 
Family friendly French coffee shop , The Wrestlers , is located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with a price range less than £ 20 . 
