Located by the river side , Giraffe is an English pub that is also kid - friendly . 
Giraffe is a family friendly pub to get English food by the riverside . 
There is an English family friendly pub by the riverside called Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a child friendly pub in riverside that serves English cuisine . 
Near riverside find Giraffe kids are invited for some pub food . 
There is a family friendly English pub called Giraffe in riverside . 
The Giraffe , an English riverside pub . Offers fun for the whole family . 
Giraffe is a kid - friendly pub located by the riverside that serves English food . 
Located in the riverside area , Giraffe serves English fare . This pub is child friendly . 
There is a pub in the riverside area that serves English food and is child friendly . It is called Giraffe . 
Giraffe is an English pub located in riverside . It 's kid friendly . 
In riverside there is a pub called Giraffe which serves English food and is family friendly . 
An English pub named Giraffe is located near riverside and is children - friendly . 
Kids friendly pub called Giraffe serves English food in riverside area . 
A family friendly English pub , Giraffe , is in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is a family friendly English Pub by the riverside . 
There is a pub named Giraffe that offers English food . They are family friendly and located near riverside . 
Giraffe is a family friendly pub serving English food in the riverside area . 
There is a child friendly pub called Giraffe in riverside . Giraffe serves English food . 
The children friendly pub is Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a pub located at the riverside that serves English food and a kid friendly place . 
Giraffe is a child appropriate pub located by the water that serves English meals . 
Giraffe is a children - friendly pub that serves English food , located near the riverside . 
A family friendly pub by the river that serves English cuisine is called Giraffe . 
There is a family friendly , English pub in riverside called Giraffe . 
Food at the pub , Giraffe is family friendly and by the riverside . 
Giraffe is s children - friendly pub that situated riverside that serves great English food 
Kids love the Giraffe , English riverside pub . 
Giraffe welcomes kids and offers English pub food near riverside . 
There is a pub named Giraffe that is family friendly . They serve English food . It is located near riverside . 
The Giraffe in the riverside area is a kids friendly pub that serves English food . 
Situated riverside the Giraffe offers tradition English food and is a great place for kids 
The pub by the riverside named Giraffe is children - friendly and serves English food 
Located at the riverside , there is a pub called Giraffe that is a kid friendly place and serves English food . 
There is a pub called Giraffe in the riverside area that serves English food and is child friendly . 
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub located in riverside that serves English food . 
For a family friendly pub in riverside , try Giraffe . They serve English food . 
Located in the riverside area is the Giraffe child friendly pub serving English food . 
A children friendly pub serving English food . It is located in the riverside area is called Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a children friendly pub serving English food . It is located in the riverside area . 
The Giraffe is a family friendly pub that serves English food and is based in Riverside . 
There is a children - friendly pub by the riverside named Giraffe that serves English food 
