Cocum is a low customer rated restaurant that is child friendly . 
Cocum restaurant is very nice place to eat exquisite food with family and friend in the night 
Cocum is a family - friendly restaurant with a low customer rating . 
Even though it has a low customer rating , Cocum is a family friendly restaurant . 
Cocum restaurant is the best place to eat grommet food with family and friends at low prices 
Family friendly Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating 
The Cocum restaurant is child Friendly and has a low customer Rating . 
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with low customer ratings . 
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant that is poorly rated . 
A child Friendly restaurant with a low customer rating called Cocum . 
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant , which unfortunately has low ratings . 
Cocum restaurant is family - Friendly . customer rating is low . 
Cocum is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range and is children friendly . 
Cocum is a low rated , child - friendly restaurant . 
The child Friendly restaurant Cocum has a low customer Rating . 
The whole family gave the restaurant Cocum a lower rating at our last visit . 
Cocum is a family - Friendly restaurant with a customer rating of low . 
Cocum has a low customer rating . They are a family friendly restaurant . 
Cocum is a child - friendly restaurant with a low customer rating . 
Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating . It is family friendly . 
Cocum is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating . 
If you are looking for a quick and reasonably priced meal , then I would try Cocum . The best part is that it is family - friendly . 
Cocum , a family - friendly restaurant , has attained low customer ratings . 
Cocum is a restaurant with low customer ratings . It is children friendly . 
There is a child - friendly restaurant with a low customer rating named Cocum . 
A family friendly restaurant The Cocum has a low customer rating . 
Cocum is a children friendly low priced restaurant that provides take - away deliveries . 
