In riverside is a coffee shop with high price range and a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is near Avalon and yes is also child friendly . It is called Blue Spice . 
Blue Spice is a child - friendly coffee shop near Avalon by the river . It has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
The 3 star ranked Blue Spice coffee shop is great for the family and other options are Avalon 
Blue Spice coffee shop is a nice setting and children friendly and is also near the Avalon 
Customers give Blue Spice a rating of 3 out of 5 . It is a kid friendly , high priced coffee shop in the Riverside area near Avalon . 
There is a child friendly coffee shop located at the riverside called Blue Spice . The average cost of a meal is over £ 25 and the average customer rating is 3 out of 5 . Blue Spice is situated near Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a child - friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is suitable for those with a high price range and it is located near Avalon at the riverside . 
Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop with decent prices and a three star rating located near Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that provides high - priced coffee drinks and is opened to all age groups . It is located near Avalon 
Located near Avalon , a coffee shop named Blue Spice is three star rated , family friendly with decent prices . 
Blue Spice is a high priced coffee shop located near Avalon at the riverside . It is child friendly and customers rate it as 3 out of 5 . 
There is a high - priced coffee shop near Avalon , Blue Spice , that provides high - priced coffee drinks . 
Blue Spice is now open near the Avalon river . The coffee shop is expensive , but family friendly and 3 out of 5 customers leave satisfied . 
A children - friendly coffee shop , Blue Spice in Riverside , near Avalon , is in the high price range and has a rating of 3 out of 5 . 
A new coffee shop , Blue Spice , has opened on the river near Avalon . Its expensive menu will appeal to children and adults . 3 out of 5 would recommend . 
Blue Spice is a high priced , kid friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area near Avalon . Customers rate it 3 out of 5 . 
