For a family friendly restaurant a stone 's throw away from The Sorrento , you will want to try the Chinese cuisine at Browns Cambridge in the riverside area . 
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food in riverside . It is kid friendly and located near The Sorrento . 
There is a Chinese food place , Browns Cambridge , that is riverside near The Sorrento and it 's family friendly . 
The Chinese place called Browns Cambridge is a family friendly place located in riverside near The Sorrento . 
Browns Cambridge has Chinese food . It 's near The Sorrento on the riverside and it 's family friendly . 
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near The Sorrento . 
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near The Sorrento . 
A kids friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area near The Sorrento is Browns Cambridge . 
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly , Chinese food restaurant in the Riverside area , near The Sorrento . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the riverside area located near The Sorrento . 
Browns Cambridge near to The Sorrento in Riverside it is a Chinese restaurant . Good prices , children are allowed . 
Browns Cambridge on riverside area provides Chinese food . Near to The Sorrento , bring your family , and friends . Children are allowed . 
Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food in riverside . This a kids friendly place located near The Sorrento . 
Kid friendly and located in riverside near The Sorrento , Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food . 
Located close to The Sorrento in the riverside area of Cambridge Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese restaurant . 
There is a Chinese restaurant Browns Cambridge , which is family friendly on riverside , near The Sorrento . 
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly Chinese restaurant in riverside , near The Sorrento . 
Located near The Sorrento is a kids friendly restaurant named Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food in riverside . 
Browns Cambridge provides Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near The Sorrento . 
In the area of riverside near The Sorrento you can find Browns Cambridge , a family friendly restaurant that serves Chinese food . 
