The kid friendly coffee shop , Blue Spice , is located in Riverside . It is next to Avalon . They are customer rated 3 out of 5 and are in the price range of 20 - 25 . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon . They are average rated , with average prices , and are family friendly . 
Blue Spice in Riverside is located near Avalon . It is a kid friendly coffee shop in the price range of 20 - 25 . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Blue Spice coffee shop is family friendly and located near Avalon . 
In the riverside area , near Avalon , is a kid friendly coffee shop , with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a price range of 20 - 25 pounds . It is called Blue Spice . 
there is an average priced coffee shop which is kids friendly in the riverside area called Blue Spice near Avalon 
Check out Blue Spice is you are ever in the riverside area . It is near Avalon . It is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a price range between 20 and 25 pounds . 
Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Avalon . It has a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Blue Spice coffee shop has good reviews and is located near Avalon . 
The Blue Spice coffee shop is an affordable and family friendly place located in City Centre near Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a coffee ship providing drinks in the medium price range . It is located by Avalon along the riverside . Blue Spice is child friendly . 
Located near Avalon in the riverside area , Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop with a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Blue Spice is a kids friendly coffee shop located near Avalon in riverside with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Blue Spice is a Kid friendly coffee ship near Avalon . It is located riverside with a medium price range and child friendly . 
The Blue Spice is an affordable coffee shop that is family friendly located in City Centre next to Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon in the average price range , kids friendly with an average customer rating 
