The Twenty Two is in the riverside area . It is located near The Rice Boat . It provides children friendly activities . 
With prices more than £ 30 , The Twenty Two is located in riverside near The Rice Boat . It is kid friendly , but has a low rating . 
The Twenty Two is one star restaurant near The Rice Boat . It is in the high price range . Public restrooms available . 
On the river near The Rice Boat , there is a high - priced , family friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two . They received one star . 
The Twenty Two is a children Friendly , low rated , more than £ 30 price ranged place near The Rice Boat . 
Near The Rice Boat in riverside is The Twenty Two who is children friendly , has a low customer rating and is priced more than £ 30 . 
There is a family restaurant The Twenty Two located on the riverside near The Rice Boat . It has poor ratings however . 
for more than £ 30 within riverside The Twenty Two has a low customer rating , is children Friendly and near The Rice Boat 
The Twenty Two family restaurant has very poor ratings . It is located on the riverside near The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two in riverside is located near The Rice Boat . its priced more than £ 30 , has a low customer rating and is children friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a high priced restaurant who received on star and is family - friendly . They are located on the river near The Rice Boat . 
Although The Twenty Two is kid friendly and located in riverside near The Rice Boat , prices are more than £ 30 and it has a low rating . 
The family friendly restaurant , The Twenty Two , that is located near The Rice Boat , is over priced and only has one out of five stars . 
located near The Rice Boat within riverside The Twenty Two with its low ratings is children Friendly and is priced more than £ 30 
The Twenty Two is a low rated , children Friendly , more than £ 30 price ranged place near The Rice Boat . 
Located in the riverside area , near The Rice Boat , The Twenty Two provides child friendly activities . 
