There is a friendly for family place called The Golden Curry which provides English breakfast in the city centre near to Café Rouge with customer rating 3 out of 5 . 
The Golden Curry is providing English breakfast and it is friendly for family . It is located in the city centre near to Café Rouge . The customer rating is 3 out of 5 . 
The Golden Curry is a 3 star , family friendly Café located close to Café Rouge providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located in the city centre . 
In Riverside , The Golden Curry , near Café Rouge , is family friendly and serves English food and has an average customer rating . 
The Golden Curry is a 3 star , family friendly Café located close to Café Rouge providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located in the city centre . 
The Golden Curry is a family - friendly with an average rating is in riverside near Café Rouge have English foods . 
For all it 's average customer rating , The Golden Curry in Riverside serves English food and is family friendly . It is located near Café Rouge . 
With a high customer rating , The Golden Curry serves English food in a family friendly riverside area . The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry serves English style food near Café Rouge . It is child friendly and has an average consumer rating . 
The Golden Curry serves English food . It is children friendly and is found in the riverside area near Café Rouge . It has received an average customer rating . 
There is a Thai restaurant with a so - so rating near Café Rouge , called The Golden Curry . 
The Golden Curry is a children friendly restaurant at the riverside near the Café Rouge . It has an average customer rating and serves English food . 
The Golden Curry near Café Rouge , serves English food and is family friendly . The Golden Curry has a high customer rating and is in a riverside area . 
A family - friendly with English foods in riverside . Near Café Rouge , The Golden Curry with average customer rating . 
There is a restaurant at the riverside called The Golden Curry , near the Café Rouge . It 's children friendly with an average customer rating and serves English food . 
The Golden Curry is near Café Rouge . It is child friendly and serves English food and has an average customer rating . 
English food is found near Café Rouge in the riverside area at the children friendly establishment called The Golden Curry . Customer rating is average . 
