The Golden Curry is located near Café Rouge North of the city centre . They serve tapas . It has perfect reviews . 
Near Café Rouge in the Riverside area visit The Golden Curry for a family friendly experience in French cuisine . The restaurant boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Golden Curry is a restaurant near the Café Rouge . It is on the riverside and is children friendly . 
In the riverside area near Café Rouge is The Golden Curry which is the family friendly and serves French food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 
A child friendly French restaurant called The Golden Curry , has a 5 out of 5 rating , and is located near Café Rouge in the riverside area . 
A children friendly French restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is called The Golden Curry and is near to Café Rouge by the riverside . 
Five star restaurant , The Golden Curry , is located in City centre near Café Rouge . It has a family friendly atmosphere . 
The Golden Curry is a child friendly French restaurant located near Café Rouge in the riverside area , and has a great rating of 5 out of 5 . 
The Golden Curry is a French food restaurant on the riverside . It is children friendly and is near the Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry is a five star family friendly restaurant . It is located outside of the City Centre near to Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry offers a five star dining experience for families looking for French cuisine . It can be found near Café Rouge , outside of the City Centre . 
By the riverside there is a French restaurant called The Golden Curry . It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is also near to Café Rouge . 
The Golden Curry offers small plates . They have excellent reviews . The Golden Curry is located North of the city Centre near Café Rouge . It is ideal for families . 
The Golden Curry is located in City centre near Café Rouge . It is family friendly and has a five star rating . 
In the Riverside area near Café Rouge there is a family friendly restaurant called The Golden Curry , it serves French food and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
