Situated on the riverside , The Twenty Two is a restaurant serving food at a price range of less than £ 20 . This is a family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat and has an average customer rating . 
There is a family - Friendly restaurant near The Rice Boat called The Twenty Two . It is less than £ 20 and rated average . 
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat and is low cost and family friendly . 
In riverside , there is a family friendly spot called The Twenty Two . This average rated establishment , located near The Rice Boat , has options that make it possible to dine out for less than 20 pounds . 
The Twenty Two is a low - priced venue that is family friendly . You can also get on The Rice Boat here . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant located in riverside , near The Rice Boat . Though the customer rating is average , a meal can be enjoyed for less than 20 pounds . 
The Twenty Two is an inexpensive family restaurant located near The Rice Boat . 
Near The Rice Boat sits a family friendly pub named The Twenty Two . Found at the riverside , food is served at prices less than £ 20 and has an average customer rating . 
For an average family friendly meal for less than 20 pounds , try The Twenty Two , located near The Rice Boat on the riverside . 
The Twenty Two is an average family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat on the riverside , and costs less than 20 . 
The Twenty Two is a well liked restaurant located in riverside near The Rice Boat . The Twenty Two has a family friendly atmosphere with selections for less than L20 . 
The Twenty Two is family - friendly and is rated average by previous customers . Located at riverside near The Rice Boat , the price range is low . 
The Twenty Two near The Rice Boat in riverside is family - friendly , with low prices and an average rating . 
The Twenty Two , located in riverside near The Rice Boat , offers a family friendly dining experience for less then L20 . The Twenty Two has an average customer rating . 
After coffee , you and your family can go to The Twenty Two and ride The Rice Boat for a low - cost . 
Don 't miss the opportunity to enjoy an inexpensive meal with your family . Check out The Twenty Two which is located near The Rice Boat . 
