The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average high priced Café near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater in near Café Adriatic , in riverside has a high price range and an average customer rating . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near the Café Adriatic with a high price range and an average customer rating . 
Near Café Adriatic , the prices are high , the customer rating is about average , its near the riverside , its name is Travellers Rest Beefeater . 
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic in a riverside setting and offers high priced items . Customers have given average ratings for this venue . 
Splurge on your usual favorites at Travellers Rest Beefeater , located at riverside by the Café Adriatic 
Average customer rating and high price range Café include Travellers Rest Beefeater at riverside near Café Adriatic . 
Near Café Adriatic , the prices are high , the customer rating is about average , its near the riverside , its name is Travellers Rest Beefeater . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater offers the usual menu for those willing to spend a bit more . located close to Café Adriatic on riverside . 
On the riverside , close to Café Adriatic , you 'll find the average rated Travellers Rest Beefeater , offering dishes from a high price range 
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high price range and an average customer rating . It is in riverside near Café Adriatic 
There is an average high priced Café near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area called the Travellers Rest Beefeater . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average rating for a high price range . It is in riverside near Café Adriatic 
Travellers Rest Beefeater , located near Café Adriatic in a riverside setting , offers average rated items in the high price range . 
With a high price range and an average customer rating , Travellers Rest Beefeater is located by the riverside near the Café Adriatic . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater at riverside near Café Adriatic has high price range but average customer rating . 
