The Twenty Two is located in riverside near The Rice Boat . It is kids - friendly , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £ 20 - 25 . 
The Twenty Two , near The Rice Boat in Riverside , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kids friendly . Its price range is usually £ 20 - 25 . 
The The Twenty Two is a beautiful restaurant located in the area of riverside near The Rice Boat , price between £ 20 - 25 with a warm clentele 
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat with the price range of £ 20 - 25 , a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly . 
Nearby the city centre and the restaurant The Rice Boat , The Twenty Two is moderately priced , rated three stars , and is family friendly . 
Near The Rice Boat in Riverside is The Twenty Two , a place with a rating of 3 out of 5 and an average price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is also kids friendly . 
With a £ 20- £ 25 price range The Twenty Two is located near The Rice Boat . They are kid friendly and located on the riverside . 
The Twenty Two is a moderately expensive , family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is kids - friendly and has a price range of £ 20 - 25 . Its near The Rice Boat in riverside area . 
The Twenty Two is a nice place near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area , with a nice family atmosphere with prices between 20 and 25 £ and pleasant clentele 
The Twenty Two is far from the City centre . It 's close by The Rice Boat . It accepts family . 
The Twenty Two is a moderately priced three star family restaurant nearby The Rice Boat and the city centre . 
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat with the price range of £ 20 - 25 , a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family orientated place with mid range prices . It 's near by The Rice Boat but far from the City Centre . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat . It is moderately expensive and family friendly . 
The Twenty Two in riverside has a customer rating above average is child friendly , serving average priced food and is near The Rice Boat 
