Not only it is children friendly , with a 1 out of 5 rating Aromi is a pub by the riverside . 
Aromi is in the area of riverside and is a kids friendly pub and has a rating of 1 out of 5 . 
A child friendly pub called Aromi is in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
Aromi pub at riverside is child friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
Aromi offers pub for children Friendly located in riverside . 
Aromi is a child friendly riverside pub with a 1 out of 5 customer rating . 
Aromi is a kids friendly pub in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
Aromi pub can be found at riverside , is child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
Aromi is a kids friendly pub that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is in the area of riverside . 
Aromi is a family friendly pub in Riverside with 1 out of 5 for customer rating . 
Aromi is a kids friendly pub in the riverside area that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
Aromi is a Pub situated in the area of Riverside . The pub is kids friendly but has a low rating of only 1 out of 5 . 
The Aromi pub on the riverside is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 
Aromi is a kids friendly pub in riverside . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
Aromi is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area with a customer rating 1 out of 5 . 
Aromi is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area with a low customer rating . 
Aromi is a kid friendly pub in riverside with a 1 out of 5 rating . 
Aromi is a pub providing children friendly service . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 . It is located in riverside 
Aromi is a children friendly pub on the riverside which is rated 3.33 , on a scale of 5 by the customers 
Aromi is a pub located by the riverside . It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers and kid friendly . 
Aromi offers pub for children Friendly located in riverside . 
There is a children friendly pub on the riverside named Aromi which has a 3.33 rating on a scale of 5 , rated by the customers 
Aromi is in the riverside area . It is a kids friendly pub with a rating of 1 out of 5 . 
It is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating . Aromi is a pub at a riverside . 
On the riverside there is a child friendly pub named Aromi with 1 out of 5 ratings . 
