There is a low priced coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers . 
There is a well priced coffee shop The Wrestlers which is located near to Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop located near to Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop offering fast food and is kid friendly . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . 
The Wrestlers coffee Shop is a mid - priced , family friendly restaurant located in city centre , east of Raja Indian Cuisine . They offer eat - in , take - out or deliveries . 
The Wrestlers is a good coffee shop near to Raja Indian Cuisine . its kids friendly 
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a restaurant providing Fast food deliveries in the low price range . It is located in Raja Indian Cuisine 
The Wrestlers is a moderate priced Fast food coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is kid friendly . 
There is a moderately cheap coffee shop in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers . 
The Wrestlers is a Fast food coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is kid friendly and moderate priced . 
There is a mid - priced , family friendly restaurant , The Wrestlers coffee Shop , that offers take - out or deliveries . It is located in city centre just east of Raja Indian Cuisine . 
In riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves fast food . It is also child friendly and is called The Wrestlers . 
The Wrestlers is a moderately cheap coffee shop located in the area of Riverside , near the Raja Indian Cuisine . Fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly . 
The Wrestlers , near Raja Indian Cuisine is a moderately priced fast food coffee shop that is child friendly and is in riverside . 
A coffee shop named The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside offering moderately priced fast food . It is kid friendly . 
