The Green Man restaurant is located on the outer skirts of the City center . near the River . Located near the All Bar One , the restaurant boasts spirits as well as fine dining . Families are welcome . 
Green Man is located in riverside area near All Bar One . It Children Friendly the price from £ 30 . 
Green Man is a Food French restaurant . It located in riverside area near All Bar One . Green Man is a Children Friendly , and the price more than £ 30 . 
Conveniently located along the riverside and near All Bar One , Green Man French restaurant is a higher priced at upwards of £ 30 , yet it is children friendly . 
Green Man is a high priced family friendly restaurant near a building called All Bar One . 
There is a family friendly restaurant that is high priced called Green Man nearby is a place called All Bar One . 
If you are looking for child friendly French cuisine along the riverside , Green Man restaurant , while a little more pricey at upwards of £ 30 , is conveniently located near All Bar One . 
Green Man is an establishment located in the riverside area of the city , near All Bar One . it serves French food , is in the over £ 30 price range , and is child friendly 
The Green Man , located in Riverside , has French cuisine , and is children friendly . It 's located near All Bar One and the price range is more than L30 . 
In riverside , near All Bar One , Green Man serves French food , has a more than £ 30 price range and is kid friendly . 
Green Man serves French food and is in the over £ 30 price range . It is near All Bar One in the riverside area of the city , and is child friendly . 
Green Man is a restaurant in the expensive range , suitable for families . It is located lose All Bar One . 
Green Man is a child friendly restaurant that offers high quality French food . This restaurant is located in Riverside near All Bar One . 
Green Man in riverside serves French food , has a more than £ 30 price range , is kid friendly , and is near All Bar One . 
The Green Man restaurants located near All Bar One is a higher priced establishment that offers spirits . This restaurant is family friendly and situated near the River . 
Riverside offers a high quality French food restaurant near All Bar One . This child friendly restaurant is called Green Man . 
