Giraffe is a pub that is located by the riverside . It is kid friendly and provides French . 
Offering French food in the riverside area is a pub called Giraffe that is kid friendly . 
In the riverside area . Sits a kid friendly pub named Giraffe . Serving great French quinine . 
Serving French food includes The Giraffe . This children friendly pub is located in the Riverside area . 
Eat at Giraffe . It 's a family friendly French pub in Riverside . 
The Giraffe is a family friendly French pub in the riverside area . 
A family friendly French - style pub , the Giraffe is located in the riverside area . 
A family friendly pub , the Giraffe serves French food and is located in the riverside area . 
By the riverside there is a kid friendly pub Giraffe that provides French . 
A pub named The Giraffe serves French food in the riverside area . it is kid friendly . 
Giraffe is a child friendly pub near riverside serving French food . 
Giraffe serves French food by the riverside . It is a kids friendly pub . 
Giraffe is a French pub located in riverside good for kids . 
Giraffe is a family friendly French pub by riverside . 
Giraffe is a French - style pub that is children - friendly in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is a pub located in Riverside that sells amazing French food and welcomes children as it is kid - friendly so you cold enjoy a nice meal with your family 
If you 're looking for a French pub in the riverside area , Giraffe is a good choice . It is also family friendly . 
There is a French pub called the Giraffe that is kid - friendly and located along the riverside . 
Giraffe is a French pub restaurant that is family friendly in Riverside . 
The Giraffe is a children friendly pub . The Giraffe serves French food and is located in the Riverside area . 
Giraffe is a pub serving French food in the area of riverside . It is child friendly . 
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that offers French food in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is a pub located in the area of riverside . 
Giraffe is a child friendly pub in the riverside area that serves French food . 
Kid friendly pub , Giraffe serves French food in riverside . 
Giraffe is a French pub in the riverside area that is child friendly . 
Located by the riverside , Giraffe is a family friendly pub which serves French food . 
The Giraffe is a kid - friendly French pub located near the riverside . 
The Giraffe restaurant offers good French food with a kid friendly area . Located in the riverside area is a pub , The Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a children friendly French food restaurant located near The Riverside . 
The Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that serves French food in the riverside area . 
Find French food at the kid friendly , riverside pub , Giraffe . 
A children friendly French food restaurant , Giraffe is located near the Riverside . 
Giraffe is a French pub on the riverside that offers a kid friendly atmosphere . 
Giraffe at the riverside is a children friendly French establishment that includes an adult pub . 
For family French cuisine eat at Giraffe at the riverside . They are children friendly . 
Look near Riverside for Giraffe . It 's family friendly pub food that 's French . 
Giraffe is a French pub in the riverside area . This pub is family friendly . 
Giraffe is a pub serving French food . It is family friendly and located by the riverside 
Giraffe is a pub by the riverside that serves French food , and is kid friendly . 
Giraffe pub in riverside has French food and is kid friendly . 
Giraffe is a family restaurant specializing in French food . It is a pub - type atmosphere and is located in the riverside area . 
