Green Man offers English food in their a child - friendly restaurant near All Bar One in the riverside area . 
Green Man , in the riverside area near All Bar One , is child - friendly with English food in a moderate price range . 
Yes the Green Man in the riverside area near All Bar One is kids friendly , has a moderate price range and is kids friendly . 
In the riverside area is a kid friendly English food place named Green Man . It has a moderate price range . It is near All Bar One 
If you need a kid friendly venue in the riverside area then try Green Man . It serves English food and has a moderate price range . It sits near All Bar One . 
Yes the Green Man in the riverside area near All Bar One is kids friendly , has a moderate price range and is kids friendly . 
The Green Man is a kid friendly restaurant serving English food with a moderate price range . It is located near All Bar One in the riverside area . 
Green Man is a kid friendly venue in the riverside area . It serves English food with a moderate price range . It is located near All Bar One . 
There is a kid friendly restaurant serving English food in the riverside area called the Green Man . It is located near All Bar One and has a moderate price range . 
Green Man is located near All Bar One . Food given in English medium prices . It is family - friendly 
Green Man is a family - style restaurant located near All Bar One . The pricing at Green Man is mid - range . Green Man is near the River . 
Near All Bar One , in the riverside area is a kid friendly English food place named Green Man , which has a moderate price range 
Green Man is a family - style restaurant located near All Bar One . The pricing at Green Man is mid - range . Green Man is near the River . 
The Green Man is a British restaurant in the mid priced range . It is located near All Bar One and families are welcomed . 
Near All Bar One , is a kid friendly restaurant named Green Man . Green Man is kid friendly with a moderate price range . It is located near the riverside . 
Mid Priced British restaurant located near All Bar One . The Green Man is open to families . 
