Aromi is a family friendly pub that has a low customer rating , but is located in riverside 
Aromi is a family friendly pub in riverside with a low customer rating . 
Aromi is a child friendly pub located in riverside with a low customer rating . 
Aromi has a low customer rating but are family friendly and is a pub located in the riverside area . 
A family friendly pub , which has a low customer rating in the riverside area , is Aromi . 
Aromi serves pub food and has a low customer rating . It is located riverside and is child - friendly . 
Aromi is a family friendly pub in Riverside with a low customer rating . 
Aromi is an average family friendly pub near the riverside 
Aromi is a family friendly pub near the riverside which has a low consumer rating . 
Riverside located Aromi , is a family friendly pub with low customer ratings . 
Aromi is a family friendly pub on riverside with low customer ratings . 
Aromi is a pub located in the riverside area . It has a low customer rating , but is children - friendly . 
Aromi is a pub with a low customer rating located in riverside , but it is child friendly . 
Aromi is a family friendly pub in the riverside area with a low customer rating . 
Aromi , a family - friendly Riverside pub , has a relatively low customer satisfaction rating . 
Aromi is a child friendly pub situated riverside but the customer rating is low 
Aromi is child - friendly and located riverside , serving pub - style fare . It has a low customer rating . 
The Aromi pub , located in the riverside area , is children - friendly , but has a low customer rating . 
Aromi is a pub located by the riverside , with a children friendly environment despite its low customer ratings . 
Aromi is a family - friendly Riverside area pub with a low customer rating . 
Aromi in Riverside , is a child friendly , low rated , pub . 
Aromi is a low rated , child friendly pub in the Riverside area . 
Aromi is located on the riverside and is a low - rated , family - friendly pub . 
Aromi is a pub that is family friendly with a low customer rating located in the riverside area . 
