Zizzi is a moderate price range coffee shop located along the riverside . Kid friendly with a 3 out of 5 rating . 
There is a children friendly coffee shop on the riverside called Zizzi . It has a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Rated 3 out of 5 , and in the riverside area , is the coffee shop known as Zizzi . It is a child - friendly establishment , with moderate prices . 
Zizzi , located in Riverside , is a moderately priced , kid friendly , coffee shop , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Zizzi is a child friendly coffee shop located in Riverside . Prices are moderate and customers rate it 3 out of 5 . 
Located in Riverside you will find Zizzi , a moderately priced , child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Zizzi is a coffee shop located in the riverside area . it is kid friendly and moderately priced . Customers give it a 3 out of 5 . 
A kids friendly coffee shop moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5Located in the riverside area is Zizzi 
There is a child friendly coffee shop called Zizzi located on the riverside . Moderate price range with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
Zizzi is a moderately priced , kid friendly , coffee shop located in the Riverside area . Customers rate it 3 out of 5 . 
Child friendly Zizzi has moderate prices and a 3 out of 5 customer rating . The coffee shop is located in the riverside area . 
There is a kids - friendly coffee shop called Zizzi in the riverside area that has moderate prices and a three out of five customer rating . 
Located in the riverside area Zizzi is a kids friendly coffee shop moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 
Zizzi is a kids - friendly coffee shop with moderate prices in the riverside area with a three out of five customer rating . 
Zizzi is a coffee shop in the riverside district . Children are welcome , and its prices are moderate . However , customer ratings hold it at 3 out of 5 . 
Zizzi is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area , with prices in the moderate range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
