Aromi is a kid friendly pub over by riverside with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
Aromi is a family pub in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Aromi is a kid friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in Riverside . 
Aromi is a kid friendly pub located in Riverside which has an average 3 of 5 rating from its ' customers . 
A riverside , kid friendly pub , Aromi , has an average customer rating . 
Aromi is a pub style restaurant in riverside which is kid friendly and has an average customer rating . 
Aromi is a kid friendly pub at the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
There is a pub called Aromi in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 - it is located in Riverside . 
Aromi pub , located in the riverside area , is child - friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
A restaurant called Aromi is located near a riverside , it 's kids friendly and the rating is 3 out of 5 
With a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , why not try Aromis in Riverside . The whole family can enjoy the great pub menu as children are more than welcome . 
Aromi is a child - friendly pub in the riverside area with an average customer rating . 
Located in Riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , is Aromi , a child - friendly pub . 
Located in riverside , a pub named Aromi is a children - friendly pub that is rated 3 out of 5 . 
Aromi in Riverside is a child friendly pub with a great menu , it currently has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Aromi is a kid friendly pub located in the riverside area with an average rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Aromi , a 3 out of 5 pub , is a children - friendly pub located in riverside . 
A friendly pub in a riverside location . Aromi has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Located in riverside , Aromi pub has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is children friendly . 
Aromi a pub in riverside is kids friendly the price is £ 20 to £ 25 
Aromi is a children friendly pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located in riverside . 
Aromi is a kid friendly , riverside pub that customers have scored 3 out of 5 . 
