Near Avalon along the riverside is a child friendly coffee shop that is too expensive and poorly rated called Blue Spice . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop located in riverside near Avalon . Its children friendly , it has a price range of more than £ 30 , as well as a low customer rating . 
A moderately priced coffee shop , Blue Spice , is located north of the city centre near Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop that has a price range of greater than £ 30 and is located in the riverside area near Avalon . The customer rating is low but it is a kid friendly shop . 
The Blue Spice is a coffee shop providing coffee that prices more than £ 30 , it is children - friendly with a low customer rating and is located in riverside near Avalon 
Blue Spice is an over - priced , child - friendly coffee shop along the riverside near Avalon that isn 't worth going to . 
Blue Spice is located north of the city centre , near Avalon . It is a moderately priced river - side coffee shop . 
The Blue Spice coffee shop , near Avalon on the riverside , may have a low customer rating but it is known for being kid friendly . Price range is greater than £ 30 . 
Blue Spice coffee shop , located near Avalon , may have a low rating , but it is child friendly , high priced , and has a riverside view . 
Blue Spice is a high priced , low rated , coffee shop in the riverside area near Avalon . It is family friendly 
This higher priced coffee shop near Avalon is child friendly , has riverside view , but has a low customer rating . Come try Blue Spice for yourself . 
Blue Spice coffee shop is high - priced and family friendly . It is located near Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a high - priced and low rated coffee shop . It is located near Avalon . 
Blue Spice is a one star coffee shop located near Avalon . The prices are high . 
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Avalon . It has a low customer rating , as well as a price range of more than £ 30 . 
There is an expensive , one star , coffee shop near Avalon called Blue Spice . 
