Near the Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies . It is moderately priced and family friendly . 
Fitzbillies is a 3 star medium star restaurant that serves families and is near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Near Express by Holiday Inn a 3 star medium priced family friendly restaurant called Fitzbillies . 
Customers give Fitzbillies a 3 out of 5 rating , and it is close to the Express by Holiday Inn . Its prices are average for Cambridge and it welcomes children . 
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn is child friendly and is rated 3 out of 5 
There is a moderate restaurant Fitzbillies located near Express by Holiday Inn customer rating 3 out of 5 and is kids - friendly 
Child friendly Fitzbillies , located near Express by Holiday Inn , is rated 3 out of 5 
Fitzbillies is a restaurant that is kids friendly and price range is £ 20- £ 25 near Express by Holiday Inn and customer rating 3 out of 5 
Fitzbillies is a restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn and it is kids friendly . It is in the price range of £ 20 - 25 which is average for the area , and customers give it a rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is the Fitzbillies . It is kid Friendly and the price range is between 20 and 25 . 
The Fitzbillies is kids Friendly . It is near the Express by Holiday Inn . its price range is between 20 and 25 . 
An average rated , kids friendly , relatively affordable Fitzbillies , is nearby Express by Holiday Inn . 
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn . It is family friendly , has a medium price range , and has received average reviews . 
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly establishment near Express by Holiday Inn with a price range of 20 - 25 euros and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Near Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies , a kid friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of 20 - 25 euros . 
An affordable , kids friendly place , Fitzbillies , is located nearby Express by Holiday Inn . It has decent reviews . 
