Blue Spice , located along the riverside near Avalon , is a decent , family - friendly coffee shop . 
There is an average coffee shop near Avalon in the riverside area . It 's called Blue Spice . 
A children - friendly coffee shop near Avalon in the Riverside area is Blue Spice with a high price range and an average customer rating . 
The Blue Spice coffee shop , located in the riverside area near the Avalon , has a high price range and average customer rating . It is children friendly . 
Near Avalon , along the riverside , is an expensive , okay , family - friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice . 
The Blue Spice coffee shop caters to children and is in the riverside area near the Avalon . Its price range is high and the customer rating is average . 
Near Avalon there is a coffee shop named Blue Spice . It is family friendly and has an average customer rating . The price range is high . 
Near Avalon , in Riverside , there is an expensive and children - friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice that has an average rating . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside with an average rating that 's also children friendly . 
Blue Spice is a children - friendly coffee shop in Riverside , near Avalon , in the high price range with a customer rating of average . 
Blue Spice is a coffee shop with a high price range . The customer rating is average but it is child - friendly . It is located in the riverside area near Avalon . 
Check out Blue Spice coffee shop in riverside . It 's near Avalon . Price is high and it has an average rating but the food is great . 
Blue Spice is a high - priced coffee shop near Avalon in Riverside . It is children friendly and has an average rating . 
Children friendly Blue Spice is a riverside coffee shop next to Avalon with a high price range and an average customer rating . 
Blue Spice is a children friendly coffee shop in Riverside near Avalon with an average rating . 
In riverside there is a children friendly coffee shop named Blue Spice . It has an average customer rating and a high price range . It is near Avalon . 
