Near The Rice Boat on the river side is The Twenty Two which is less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is priced below £ 20 and is family Friendly . It is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat . With a low customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is a low rated , kid friendly restaurant offering food for less than £ 20 . It can be found in the Riverside area near The Rice Boat . 
In riverside near The Rice Boat is a family friendly place called The Twenty Two is costs less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant located near The Rice Boat on the riverside . It has a low customer rating and a low price range . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly place with a low customer rating a price range of less than £ 20 and is located in riverside near The Rice Boat . 
The family friendly restaurant near The Rice Boat in the riverside area is called The Twenty Two , but it has low customer rating . The price range is less than 20 pounds . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near The Rice Boat . The price range is less than 20 pounds , but has a low customer rating . 
On the riverside , near The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two . Yes , it is family friendly , price range is less than £ 20 , but it has a low customer rating . 
In the Riverside area near The Rice Boat , The Twenty Two offers a family friendly environment with pricing less than 20 but a low customer rating . 
Located near The Rice Boat in Riverside is a family friendly , low customer rating , with a price range of less than 20 euros is called The Twenty Two . 
If you want an adventuress dining experience stop by the family friendly The Twenty Two located near The Rice Boat in the Riverside area . You cant always believe some low ratings and the price is right at under 20 Quid . 
Near the riverside by The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two , family friendly and cheaper than £ 20 , but they have a low customer rating . 
