The Twenty Two is a family - Friendly Italian place located beside riverside . 
There is a children - friendly Italian restaurant near the riverside area named The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area . It is kids friendly . 
Located riverside , The Twenty Two is a child - friendly Italian eatery . 
The Twenty Two restaurant offers Italian cuisine in an constant child - friendly atmosphere located on the riverside of Cambridge . 
The Twenty Two restaurant serves Italian cuisine in a friendly atmosphere for children . It is located on the riverside of Cambridge . 
There is a kid - friendly Italian restaurant near the riverside called The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two at Riverside , is child friendly and has an Italian menu . 
There is a kid friendly place , The Twenty Two , located in riverside that provides Italian food . 
The Twenty Two is a child - friendly Italian restaurant located riverside . 
The Twenty Two is a kid - friendly Italian restaurant located near the riverside . 
The Twenty Two is an Italian riverside restaurant that is friendly with kids . 
Near the riverside area there is a children - friendly Italian restaurant named The Twenty Two . 
There is a children friendly Italian restaurant , The Twenty Two , by the riverside . 
In the riverside area is The Twenty Two , a family friendly establishment serving Italian food . 
The Twenty Two Italian restaurant is a family friendly place situated on the riverside . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly place that provides Italian food and is located in riverside . 
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant that is children friendly and by the riverside . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian eatery in riverside . 
For Italian food , try The Twenty Two in Riverside which is also suitable for children . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian restaurant by the riverside . 
Italian family restaurant The Twenty Two is located in the riverside area . 
family friendly The Twenty Two at Riverside serves Italian food 
The Twenty Two Italian is child friendly and on the riverside . 
The Twenty Two is located in the riverside . 
The Twenty Two at Riverside serves Italian food and is family friendly 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian restaurant located in Riverside . 
There is an Italian The Twenty Two serving pasta . 
The Twenty Two is kid friendly , and has Italian food . It 's in the area of riverside . 
A kid friendly Italian restaurant in riverside is The Twenty Two . 
Italian restaurant The Twenty Two located in Riverside is children friendly eatery . 
The Twenty Two is in riverside , selling family friendly Italian food . 
Famous for its Italian food is The Twenty Two . If you and your children are looking for some Italian food in the Riverside area , you should try it out . 
On the riverside is a family - friendly Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two . 
A kid - friendly Italian restaurant located near the riverside is called The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is an Italian restaurant in the riverside area . It is child friendly . 
In Riverside there is a family friendly Italian eatery called The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two a children friendly Italian restaurant located in Riverside . 
The Twenty Two is a kid - friendly Italian restaurant . It 's located near the riverside . 
In the Riverside area is a child - friendly Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two . 
In the area of riverside is The Twenty Two . It has Italian food , and it 's kid friendly . 
A great restaurant located in the Riverside area is The Twenty Two . It is children - friendly , so feel free to bring your kids as well . 
The Twenty Two Italian family restaurant is found in the riverside area . 
