The Wrestlers is a high end coffee shop that is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Japanese restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area , come down to our coffee shop in the medium price range 
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Japanese food on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It 's children friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30 . 
Named The Wrestlers , this children friendly coffee shop serves Japanese food for a price range of more than £ 30 . It 's locates near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside . 
If you don 't mind spending a bit more , The Wrestlers coffee shop is child - friendly and serves good Japanese food . You can find it near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . 
The Wrestlers is a high - priced and family friendly coffee shop that is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine . 
An expensive and child friendly Japanese coffee shop in riverside is The Wrestlers . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
There is a children friendly Japanese coffee shop called The Wrestlers which is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . The price range is more than £ 30 . 
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is expensive and child friendly . 
The Wrestlers is an expensive family friendly coffee shop north of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a Japanese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside . It is children friendly and the price range is more than £ 30 . 
The Wrestlers is a high end coffee shop north of the city centre and nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . 
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is an eat type coffee shop called the The Wrestlers is a children friendly that serves Japanese food and has a price range more than 30 euros . 
If you 're looking for child - friendly Japanese food , try The Wrestlers coffee shop . It 's a bit pricey but in a nice area by the riverside , just by Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Japanese food for a high cost . The restaurant is located by the margin of the river , next to Raja Indian Cuisine . 
The Wrestlers , located by the margin of the river , next to Raja Indian Cuisine , is a high cost restaurant that provides Japanese food . 
