Located near Express by Holiday Inn , Fitzbillies is child friendly and has a high customer rating . It is in the high price range . 
Fitzbillies is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is child friendly with the average bill being under 30 pounds with high customer ratings . 
Fitzbillies is near Express by Holiday Inn , is child friendly , has a high customer rating , and the price range is more than £ 30 . 
Fitzbillies is a child - friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn . It offers a higher - priced menu with a high customer rating . 
Fitzbillies is a highly - rated restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn . It offers a higher - priced menu in a child - friendly setting . 
Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a child friendly restaurant with a high customer rating called Fitzbillies . The cost is more than £ 30 . 
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has a great customer rating , is kid friendly but has a high price £ 30 . 
Fitzbillies is a place that is child friendly , has high customer ratings , and the prizes run over 30 . They are located near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Fitzbillies is children friendly , near Express by Holiday Inn , has high customer rating and price range is more than £ 30 . 
There is a child friendly place called Fitzbillies that is near the Express by Holiday Inn . They have high ratings and their price ranges over 30 . 
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn is child friendly . They have a high customer rating and the cost is more than £ 30 . 
There 's a children friendly place called Fitzbillies . Its near Express by Holiday Inn it has a price range of over £ 30 with a high customer rating . 
Fitzbillies is a child friendly , above average priced restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn with high customer satisfaction . 
Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £ 30 . It 's children friendly . 
Near the Holiday Inn , Fitzbillies has a high customer rating , is near the Express by Holiday Inn and is children friendly . 
Near Express by Holiday Inn is Fitzbillies , which is child friendly and has a high customer rating . The price range is more than £ 30 . 
