There is a kids friendly restaurant called The Plough near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Near Express by Holiday Inn , there is a children friendly restaurant , The Plough . 
If you are looking for a kid friendly place , there is a restaurant called The Plough which is just next to the Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough offers a family friendly dining experience and is near the Express by Holiday Inn . 
The family friendly restaurant called The Plough is near the Express by Holiday Inn 
The family - friendly restaurant , The Plough , is located near the Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough restaurant is near the Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly . 
A family friendly restaurant called The Plough is located near Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Situated near the Express by Holiday Inn is a family friendly restaurant called The Plough . 
The Plough is a family friendly style restaurant located near the Express by Holiday Inn . 
There is a restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn named The Plough that has a child Friendly atmosphere . 
There is a children friendly restaurant called The Plough located near Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant . Its near Express by Holiday Inn . 
If you are looking for a child friendly restaurant , check out The Plough near the Express by Holiday Inn 
A children friendly restaurant called The Plough can be found close to Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough located by the Express by Holiday Inn is a kids friendly restaurant . 
A children friendly restaurant called The Plough is near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Near Express by Holiday Inn is a family friendly restaurant called The Plough . 
The Plough is located near Express by Holiday Inn . It is a child - friendly restaurant . 
Located near Express by Holiday Inn , is a kids friendly restaurant named The Plough . 
The Plough restaurant is located near the Express by Holiday Inn and is family friendly . 
Near Express by Holiday Inn is a kid friendly restaurant named The Plough . 
Located near Express by Holiday Inn you will find The Plough , a child friendly restaurant . 
A kid friendly place to eat is The Plough restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn 
A great place to take the entire family to eat is The Plough . It is located near to Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough is a family friendly restaurant that is near Express by Holiday Inn 
The Plough is a kid friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Located near Express by Holiday Inn , is the restaurant The Plough . It is a family - friendly restaurant . 
The Plough is a children friendly restaurant situated near the Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough is a restaurant that is near Express by Holiday Inn . It is kids friendly 
There is a restaurant call The Plough located by Express by Holiday Inn that offers a kid friendly atmosphere . 
The Plough is a child friendly restaurant , located near Express by Holiday Inn . 
The Plough is a family - friendly restaurant near the Express by Holiday Inn Hotel . 
The Plough , right next to The Express by Holiday Inn , is a child friendly restaurant 
The Plough , located near Express by Holiday Inn is a child - friendly restaurant . 
The Plough , located nearby Express by Holiday Inn , is a family friendly restaurant . 
