In the riverside area , near Café Brazil , is a coffee shop named The Vaults . The prices are moderate and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
The Vaults coffee shop received a rating of 3 out 5 with moderate price ranges . The Vaults is located by riverside near Café Brazil . 
The Vaults , a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , is located near the Café Brazil in the riverside area . 
In riverside by Café Brazil is a coffee shop with moderate prices , a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it is called The Vaults . 
The Vaults is a coffee shop in the riverside area , near Café Brazil . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , and has a moderate price range . 
The Vaults is a coffee shop near the Café Brazil in the riverside area . with a moderate price range and 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Vaults , located in the riverside area near Café Brazil , is a moderately priced coffee shop with a three out of five customer rating . 
The Vaults is a 3 - star rated , moderately priced coffee shop located riverside near Café Brazil . 
With a 3 out of 4 rating near Café Brazil you will find the moderate priced coffee shop The Vaults which has a riverside location . 
The Vaults is a moderately priced , 3 - star coffee shop located riverside near Café Brazil . 
The Vaults is a coffee shop near Café Brazil in riverside . it has a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
There is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is moderately priced in riverside . To find it , look near the Café Brazil , it is called The Vaults . 
The Vaults is moderate price coffee shop that is riverside , near Café Brazil . It has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
A customer rated the coffee shop The Vaults 3 out 5 located near Café Brazil by riverside . The coffee shop has moderate price ranges . 
If you 're looking for a coffee shop in the riverside area then you could try The Vaults . It is located near Café Brazil , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It has a moderate price range . 
The Vaults , a moderately priced coffee shop , is in the riverside area close to Café Brazil . It has a three out of five customer rating . 
