Blue Spice is a family friendly coffee shop with high prices and a five star rating . It is located near Avalon . 
I know of a place it 's a cool family coffee shop that is rated 6 stars at Avalon named Blue Spice 
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is the child friendly coffee shop Blue Spice . Its located near Avalon which is in the riverside area and prices are more than £ 30 
Near Avalon in riverside there is a coffee shop named Blue Spice . They have a price range over £ 30 but have great customer ratings at 5 out of 5 . Blue Spice is also child friendly . 
Near Avalon at the riverside is a coffee shop called Blue Spice . It is children friendly and the price range is more than £ 30 . It is rated 5 out of 5 . 
Blue Spice is a child - friendly coffee shop with a 5 star rating . It is located near Avalon and food costs more than £ 30 . 
Blue Spice is an expensive coffee shop not near the city centre in Avalon and it has bathrooms . 
There is a coffee shop at the riverside located near Avalon which is children friendly . It is called Blue Spice and it is rated 5 out of 5 . The price range is more than £ 30 . 
Blue Spice is located in the city centre of Avalon . It is expensive and has bathrooms . 
Blue Spice is a high price , five star coffee shop located near Avalon . It features a family friendly environment . 
Near Avalon in the riverside area is a coffee shop call Blue Spice . Its child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . Price range is more than £ 30 . 
There is a child - friendly coffee shop called Blue Spice that is situated by the riverside near Avalon . Their prices are over £ 30 . Their customer ratings are 5 out of 5 . 
Blue Spice , a child - friendly , riverside restaurant , located near Avalon , has a 5 out of 5 rating and 
Blue Spice coffee shop near Avalon is located on the riverside . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is children friendly . The price range is above average . 
I recommend a family coffee shop that is rated 6 stars named Blue Spice located at Avalon 
Blue Spice is a child - friendly coffee shop located by the riverside , near Avalon . Its prices are over £ 30 . Its customer ratings are 5 out of 5 . 
