A child friendly restaurant called Cocum is 3 out of 5 . 
a child friendly restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 would be Cocum . 
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
There is a restaurant called Cocum that got a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is children friendly . 
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Cocum is a child friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
Cocum is a children friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
Cocum a restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . It 's kid friendly . 
Children friendly restaurant Cocum has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . 
A child friendly restaurant known as Cocum is a 3 out of 5 . 
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with an average customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
The Cocum restaurant is a 3 out of 5 and is child friendly . 
Cocum is a children friend restaurant and most customer love it . 
A restaurant that is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is Cocum . 
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Cocum restaurant ratings is 3 out of 5 and they are for family . 
Try Cocum , a child - friendly restaurant . Customers give it a 3 out of 5 rating , 
Cocum is a kids - friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
Cocum is a restaurant kids friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5 
A restaurant known to be kid friendly , Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
A good Children friendly restaurant that most people love is Cocum . 
Cocum is a restaurant kids friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5 
Cocum is a kid friendly restaurant that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating 
Cocum is a a restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is kids friendly . 
If you 're looking for a good child - friendly restaurant , try the 3 star Cocum . 
A restaurant usually had good customer service and yes , that mean being kid friendly also . A restaurant like this can average 3 out of 5 stars . A good example of this kind of restaurant is Cocum . 
Cocum is a 3 out of 5 star restaurant that welcomes kids of all ages 
Cocum is a kids friendly restaurant that has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
