The Twenty Two offers kid friendly French food . 
Kid friendly French food at The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two serves French food . It is child - friendly . 
If you are in looking for a family friendly restaurant that serves French cuisine , try The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is family friendly and serves French food . 
The Twenty Two offers French food in a children friendly atmosphere . 
The Twenty Two serves French food and is children friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant that , yes is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a French restaurant that is good for the whole family . 
The Twenty Two is the place for you if you are looking for French food , that yes is for families . 
For French cuisine try The Twenty Two . It is also kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant that serves French food . 
The Twenty Two is family friendly with French food . 
The Twenty Two is a French food . It 's children friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family place which serves French foods . 
For children friendly French food , go to The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is a children friendly French food establishment . 
Yes , French food at The Twenty Two is the best . 
The Twenty Two is serves French food and is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a restaurant that serves French food and is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly restaurant that serves French cuisine . 
The Twenty Two is a very kids friendly French food restaurant . 
The Twenty Two is a French food . It 's children friendly . 
The French food restaurant The Twenty Two has a kids friendly atmosphere . 
The Twenty Two offers children friendly French food . 
The Twenty Two is children friendly and is French food . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly French eatery . 
The Twenty Two is a French style family place . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly French restaurant . 
There is a French place called The Twenty Two . It is good for families . 
The Twenty Two serves French food and is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly restaurant that serves French food . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly restaurant that offers French food . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly location offering French food 
There is a Kid Friendly outlet called The Twenty Two offering French food 
Yes , The Twenty Two restaurant has French food . 
The Twenty Two offers French food and a child - friendly atmosphere . 
Kids friendly , The Twenty Two now serves French food . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly place serving French food . 
