Green Man is a children friendly restaurant that serves expensive English food . Its located in riverside near All Bar One . 
For family friendly English food near All Bar One around riverside , choose Green Man . It is highly recommended and worth the high price . 
The high priced Green Man in Riverside is kid friendly an serves English food , which is also next to All Bar One . 
Near All Bar One is a children friendly English restaurant , Green Man . This is no greasy spoon diner , with a lovely riverside location and high priced cuisine . 
Green Man is a restaurant near All Bar One , serving up high price range English Food in a Child friendly environment in Riverside . 
Serving British food is the family friendly but expensive Green Man . It can be found in the riverside area near All Bar One . 
Green Man in riverside is located near All Bar One . Expensive place to take the family to enjoy highly recommended English cuisine . 
Located in the riverside area near All Bar One is the family friendly Green Man which serves expensive British food . 
There is a high priced English restaurant names Green Man near All Bar One in Riverside that is child friendly . 
Green Man in an English restaurant in Riverside near All Bar One that is child friendly and in the high price range . 
Along the riverside is the children friends English restaurant , Green Man . Conveniently located close to All Bar One please be aware that the Green Man menu is in the higher price range . 
The Green Man , located on the riverside near All Bar One , serves expensive , but excellent English food . Families with children are welcome . 
Families with children are welcome at The Green Man , located near All Bar One on the riverside . Prices are high , but their English food is excellent . 
Family friendly Green Man serves British cuisine by the river . Families are welcome to this high end restaurant near All Bar One . 
The riverside restaurant The Green Man is a traditional British restaurant in the higher price bracket . The atmosphere is family friendly and it is located close to All Bar One . 
The Green Man , which is near All Bar One in Riverside is kid friendly an serves high priced English food . 
