The Twenty Two is Italian and child friendly . 
The family can enjoy Italian at the kid friendly The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two serves Italian food and is family - friendly . 
The Twenty Two serves Italian food . They are kid friendly . 
A child friendly Italian restaurant The Twenty Two 
Kid friendly , The Twenty Two serves Italian food . 
There is an Italian food called The Twenty Two which is children friendly 
There is an Italian restaurant called The Twenty Two which is family friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian food venue . 
The Twenty Two is an Italian food restaurant that is kids friendly . 
The Twenty Two serves Italian food in a family friendly environment . 
If you 're looking for family - friendly , Italian food , The Twenty Two is the place to go . 
The Italian restaurant The Twenty Two is incredibly family friendly . 
The Twenty Two serves Italian food and is kids friendly . 
The Twenty Two is a kid friendly Italian restaurant . 
Family friendly , The Twenty Two serves Italian food . 
The Twenty Two offers family friendly Italian dining . 
The Twenty Two offers Italian food in a kids friendly environment . 
You can get Italian food at The Twenty Two with your friends and family . 
If you are looking for a great family friendly restaurant , I recommend stopping and getting some Italian food at The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two sells children pizza 
The Twenty Two offers fine Italian food , suitable for the whole family 
The Twenty Two is child friendly and serves Italian food . 
Italian children 's meals at The Twenty Two 
The Twenty Two is a children - friendly Italian restaurant . 
Child friendly restaurant , The Twenty Two , provides Italian meals also . 
An Italian restaurant that is child friendly , is The Twenty Two . 
An Italian eatery , The Twenty Two also is kid friendly . 
Family friendly restaurant The Twenty Two , includes Italian food in it 's menu . 
A child - friendly Italian restaurant is The Twenty Two 
You can take your children with you to The Twenty Two . Serving great Italian food . 
The Twenty Two is family friendly serving Italian 
Children are welcome to eat in The Twenty Two Italian restaurant . 
Italian family friendly dining is available at The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two offers Italian food in a kid friendly venue . 
The Twenty Two is a kid - friendly restaurant that offers Italian cuisine . 
The Twenty Two serves Italian food in a child friendly setting . 
The Twenty Two is children friendly and serves Italian food 
If you are looking for Italian food seek no further then the child friendly restaurant , The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two is a kids friendly Italian food place . 
A family friendly Italian restaurant is The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two . Serving Italian food . Children are welcome 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly venue serving Italian food . 
The Twenty Two a family friendly Italian restaurant . 
Italian food is served at The Twenty Two , which is child friendly . 
