Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Indian food with average customer rating in the riverside area . Yes , it is children friendly and located close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop serving Indian food . It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is family friendly but has an average customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average . 
The Indian coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is called Browns Cambridge . It has an average rating but its family friendly . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Indian coffee shop with an average rating along the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel , in the riverside area . This establishment offers Indian good , is family friendly , and has an average customer rating . 
There is a average customer rated coffee shop that serves Indian food by the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is very family friendly . The name is Browns Cambridge . 
Browns Cambridge is an average coffee shop serving Indian food in a child friendly environment . It is located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that serves Indian food , but with average customer rating . Yes , it is kid friendly and located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . They serve Indian food and have an average rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop , with an average customer review . They offer Indian food . It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . 
Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside is an Indian coffee shop that has an average customer rating and is child friendly . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is average by customer ratings , but near the riverside and is family friendly . Check out their Indian food . 
