The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat . It is located in the riverside . 
In the riverside area near The Rice Boat is a family friendly restaurant that is cheap with an average customer rating called The Twenty Two . 
In the riverside area , near The Rice Boat , lies a fairly average cheap venue called The Twenty Two . It is family friendly . 
There is a cheap restaurant located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area that is family Friendly named The Twenty Two with an average rating . 
There is a cheap family friendly Café with average ratings in the riverside area near The Rice Boat called The Twenty Two . 
The Twenty Two located on the riverside near The Rice Boat has an average customer rating , is family friendly and has a cheap price range . 
The Riverside area has a family friendly restaurant called The Twenty Two . You can 't miss the restaurant its right by The Rice Boat . The prices are perfect for a family . 
The Twenty Two is located at the riverside near The Rice Boat . The customer rating is average , it is cheap , and it is family friendly . 
There a restaurant in the riverside area called The Twenty Two its family friendly and right by The Rice Boat . The prices are very low . 
The Twenty Two is cheap and family friendly . Located near The Rice Boat , in the riverside area , with average customer ratings . 
There is a cheap The Twenty Two located in the riverside near The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two is a cheap family friendly Café with average ratings in the riverside area near The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two at the riverside , near The Rice Boat is family friendly , has a cheap price range and an average customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is an average priced , family friendly establishment close to The Rice Boat at the riverside . 
The Twenty Two is a family friendly venue with cheap prices and an average customer rating . It is located near The Rice Boat , in the area of riverside . 
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat on the riverside . The customer rating is average , it is cheap , and is family friendly . 
