Fitzbillies is a high priced family friendly restaurant located near Express by Holiday Inn . It has a one star rating . 
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn has a low customer rating and a price range more than £ 30 . Yes , it is children friendly . 
Fitzbillies , near Express by Holiday Inn , is a high priced , low rated restaurant that you can take your children to . 
Fitzbillies has a low customer rating and a price range more than 30 . It is child friendly and located near Express by Holiday Inn . 
It has a price range of more than £ 30 with a low customer rating . Named Fitzbillies is kid friendly near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre , Fitzbillies is a high priced family friendly restaurant with a one star rating . 
Although not very popular , Fitzbillies is children friendly and costs more than 30 pounds . It is near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Fitzbillies is a one - starred , expensive family center . located close to the Express by Holiday Inn . 
Situated close to Express by Holiday Inn , Fitzbillies is a one - starred but expensive family center . 
There is a restaurant called Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn that is children - friendly . The customer rating is low and the price range is over £ 30 . 
Fitzbillies is located near Express by Holiday Inn . It is a high priced restaurant with low customer ratings . 
Fitzbillies is a child friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn . It is in the high price range with a low customer rating . 
For a mediocre , mid priced child friendly restaurant try Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn . 
Fitzbillies is conveniently located near the Express by Holiday Inn , and is a family restaurant . 
Located near Express by Holiday Inn is the kid friendly Fitzbillies . It has a low customer rating and a price range more than 30 . 
Fitzbillies near the Express by Holiday Inn is children friendly and costs more than 30 pounds . It isn 't a very good restaurant . 
