The family friendly pub , Taste of Cambridge is near The Sorrento in riverside . 
Taste of Cambridge is a pub near The Sorrento . It is child friendly and is located by the riverside . 
There is a family friendly pub in the riverside area near The Sorrento called the Taste of Cambridge . 
Near The Sorrento , the Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub . It is located in the riverside area . 
Passing the The Sorrento near the river there 's Taste of Cambridge , a nice family pub . 
Taste of Cambridge is a child - friendly pub located in riverside , near The Sorrento . 
If you are looking for a family Friendly pub in the riverside area , try Taste of Cambridge , located near The Sorrento . 
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub near The Sorrento on the riverside 
Situated on the riverside near The Sorrento , the Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly pub . 
There is a family - friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge that is located close to The Sorrento . 
Near The Sorrento is a pub that 's kid friendly named the Taste of Cambridge in the riverside area . 
On the riverside , there is a pub called Taste of Cambridge . It is a child - Friendly place . It is near The Sorrento 
Taste of Cambridge pub is children friendly . It is near The Sorrento located on the riverside . 
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub in the riverside area , near The Sorrento . 
There is a pub called Taste of Cambridge in Riverside near The Sorrento that is kid - friendly . 
A family friendly pub is the Taste of Cambridge and it is near The Sorrento in riverside . 
Taste of Cambridge is near The Sorrento , at the riverside . It is a kids - friendly pub . 
Down in the riverside area near The Sorrento there is a pub that is family friendly named Taste of Cambridge . 
Taste of Cambridge is a family - friendly pub . It 's located in the riverside area , near The Sorrento . 
Family friendly pub Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento . 
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub in the riverside area and is close to The Sorrento 
A child - friendly pub near The Sorrento , the Taste of Cambridge is in the riverside area . 
The pub Taste of Cambridge is family friendly and is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area . 
A kid friendly pub named Taste of Cambridge is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento . 
There is a child friendly pub Taste of Cambridge located in river side near The Sorrento . 
Near The Sorrento , in the riverside area , is a kid friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge . 
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly pub in the riverside are near The Sorrento . 
The Taste of Cambridge near The Sorrento in riverside is a family friendly pub . 
There is a child - friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge near The Sorrento in riverside . 
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area , there is a family friendly pub called Taste of Cambridge . 
The Taste of Cambridge is a pub which is located near The Sorrento in the riverside area . It is child friendly . 
There is a pub that is kids friendly in the riverside area . It is called Taste of Cambridge and is near The Sorrento . 
There is a children - friendly pub located near the riverside , close to The Sorrento . The pub is named Taste of Cambridge . 
The Taste of Cambridge pub is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento . The restaurant is child friendly . 
Taste of Cambridge is a kid - friendly pub located near The Sorrento in the riverside area . 
Near The Sorrento , the Taste of Cambridge pub offers a family friendly environment on the riverside . 
Located in riverside near The Sorrento , the Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly pub . 
There is a family friendly pub near The Sorrento called Taste of Cambridge . It is located by the riverside . 
The Taste of Cambridge is a children friendly pub near The Sorrento in the area of riverside . 
