Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel . This child friendly restaurant serves Japanese food and has a low rating . 
Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside is Browns Cambridge , a family friendly , Japanese coffee shop . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also offers Japanese cuisine . Located in the city centre near Crown Plaza Hotel , it is rated 1 out of 5 . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly , Japanese coffee shop , that is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside with a low customer rating . 
Located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in a riverside area is a Japanese coffee shop called Browns Cambridge , which is child friendly and has low customer ratings 
Though it has a low rating , Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also offers Japanese cuisine . It is located in the city centre near Crown Plaza Hotel . 
If you are looking for a coffee shop , then you could try Browns Cambridge . It serves Japanese food , and is child friendly . It 's located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel . However , the customer rating is low . 
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Japanese food . It is located in a riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel . It is children friendly with low customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop serving Japanese food . It is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel , but has a low customer rating . 
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the City center . near the Crown Plaza Hotel . It is family oriented and serves Japanese food . 
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop is for the whole family and serves Japanese style food . It is in the City center . close to the Crown Plaza Hotel . 
There is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge . The food is Japanese and has a low rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crown Plaza Hotel . 
Browns Cambridge is a low rated , family friendly coffee shop that specialises in Japanese foods located in the Riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel . 
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that also sells Japanese food . It can be found near the Crown Plaza Hotel on the riverside but unfortunately has a low customer rating . 
On the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel you can find Browns Cambridge . It is a Japanese coffee shop which serves food and is family friendly . Unfortunately it only has a low customer rating . 
Browns Cambridge is a one star coffee shop located on the river next to Crown Plaza Hotel . 
