A high costing restaurant with an average rating is The Twenty Two . It is near The Rice Boat in the riverside area , and it is kid friendly . 
The Twenty Two restaurant is located near The Rice Boat . It is riverside . Price range is high . It is child friendly and the customer rating is average . 
The Twenty Two restaurant is located near The Rice Boat . It is riverside . Price range is high . It is child friendly and the customer rating is average . 
In the riverside area , The Twenty Two , near The Rice Boat has an average customer rating . It is kids friendly . The price range is high . 
The Twenty Two is near The Rice Boat . It is by the riverside and is children friendly . It has average customer rating . The price range is high . 
The Twenty Two has an average rating . Its price range is high but it is children friendly . It is near The Rice Boat by the riverside . 
with an average customer rating and high price range the children friendly The Twenty Two in riverside is near The Rice Boat 
The Twenty Two is around riverside near The Rice Boat . It is child friendly , costly and has an average rating . 
near The Rice Boat in riverside is The Twenty Two which is a children friendly place with high prices and an average customer rating 
Near to The Rice Boat on the riverside is The Twenty Two , which is child friendly , is in the high price range and has a customer rating of average . 
The Twenty Two is in the high price range , it is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat . It is child friendly and has an average customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly establishment located near The Rice Boat in the riverside area . It is in the high price range with an average customer rating . 
Expensive , The Twenty Two , is family friendly with average ratings . It is located by the riverside , near The Rice Boat 
With a friendly atmosphere , good service and children welcome , The Twenty Two in riverside , near The Rice Boat , the slightly more than average price is worth it . 
The Twenty Two in riverside , located near The Rice Boat , is children friendly and has good customer ratings . The prices are a little more than average but the friendly atmosphere and good serves is worth it . 
The Twenty Two , near The Rice Boat is kids friendly . It has an average customer rating and the price range is high . It is in the riverside area . 
