Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low quality and high priced restaurant located near the Café Adriatic by the Riverside . 
In Riverside , there is a restaurant called , Travellers Rest Beefeater , near Café Adriatic . Its customer ratings are low and the price range is more than £ 30 . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater , located near the river besides Café Adriatic . High prices but lower than average ratings . 
Travellers Rest Beefeaters near Café Adriatic in the riverside area has above average prices and poor customers feedback . 
There is a low rated expensive restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic in the Riverside area . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater , near Café Adriatic , has a low customer rating , but you can hang out riverside for . Look to spend more than £ 30 , though . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . it is in the riverside area near Café Adriatic . 
There is a restaurant near Café Adriatic with low customer rating located in Riverside called , Travellers Rest Beefeater . The price range is more than £ 30 . 
Travellers Rest Beefeaters is located near Café Adriatic on the riverside . Serving food at higher than average prices and lower ratings . 
Located riverside near the Café Adriatic , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high price range , over £ 30 , but a low customer rating . 
Riverside area near Café Adriatic is the Travellers Rest Beefeater above average prices poor customer ratings . 
The Travellers Rest Beefeater located near the Café Adriatic , is an expensive one star restaurant . 
for more than 30 euro . Travellers Rest Beefeater is a restaurant with a low rating located near Café Adriatic in riverside 
In the riverside area near Café Adriatic is Travellers Rest Beefeater which has a low customer rating and a price ranger of more than £ 30 . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low rated restaurant that offering meal for more than 30 euro . located in riverside near Café Adriatic 
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive one star restaurant located near the Café Adriatic by the River . 
