Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic . It has high prices with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is a five star restaurant located near the river . This is a high price place to dine . Next to it is the Café Adriatic . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater is an expensive , highly rated restaurant in the riverside area near Café Adriatic . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Café Adriatic . It has high prices with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
A high priced , five star restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater is located right off of the river next to Café Adriatic . 
On the Riverside near Café Adriatic is a 5 star expensive place called Travellers Rest Beefeater . 
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , the Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Café Adriatic in the riverside area . Prices are more than £ 30 . 
In the riverside area , near Café Adriatic , is Travellers Rest Beefeater . It has a 5 out 5 customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a 5 stars restaurant near Café Adriatic in the city centre . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near the Café Adriatic in the riverside area . with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and prices starting at £ 30 . 
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . It is located in the riverside area near Café Adriatic . 
With a 5 out of 5 rating the Travellers Rest Beefeater is situated by the riverside near Café Adriatic . The average price for is more than £ 30 . 
The Travellers Rest Beefeater that is near Café Adriatic has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a high price . 
Near Café Adriatic in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater , an expensive , highly rated restaurant . 
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is by the riverside and located near Café Adriatic . An average price is more than £ 30 with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 
There is a 5 stars cheap restaurant Travellers Rest Beefeater near Café Adriatic located in the city centre . 
