The Twenty Two , near The Rice Boat in riverside , is high end , children friendly , and highly rated . 
The Twenty Two is located riverside near The Rice Boat . It is ranked 5 out of 5 and costs more than £ 30 to dine there . 
Near The Rice Boat is The Twenty Two . In child friendly surroundings with a riverside . It also has great customer ratings for more than £ 30 . 
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant that is locates on the riverside near The Rice Boat . It has a more than 30 Euro price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is a high end yet child - friendly option near The Rice Boat in riverside , and comes highly rated . 
The Twenty Two is a children friendly restaurant that is locates on the riverside near The Rice Boat . It has a more than 30 Euro price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating . 
The Twenty Two is situated by a riverside near The Rice Boat . This has a child friendly environment with 5 out of 5 customer reviews and a fantastic price of more than £ 30 . 
The highly rated but expensive The Twenty Two is family friendly . It is located in the riverside area near The Rice Boat . 
The Twenty Two , located right on the river near The Rice Boat , is a high - priced family restaurant with an excellent rating . 
The Twenty Two is children friendly and costs more than £ 30 . It 's ranked 5 out of 5 and located near The Rice Boat , riverside . 
For over £ 30 , you can visit The Twenty Two , a child friendly place on the riverside , near to The Rice Boat . Customer satisfaction is 5 out of 5 . 
Being children friendly and found near The Rice Boat in riverside , The Twenty Two has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and a price range of more than 30 Euros . 
The Twenty Two is a child friendly place to eat near The Rice Boat on the riverside . Customers rate it 5 out of 5 and the average meal comes out at more than £ 30 . 
The Twenty Two is in riverside near The Rice Boat with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is children friendly at a price range of more than 30 Euros . 
