On the riverside the Giraffe is a Fast food , kid friendly pub . 
The pub called Giraffe is located at riverside . The pub provides fast food while also being kid friendly . 
Giraffe is a pub that serves Fast food , located at the riverside and a Family friendly . 
The Giraffe is a kid - friendly fast food pub in Riverside . 
The Giraffe pub is located in the riverside area , they are kid friendly and serve Fast food . 
Giraffe is a fast food pub in the riverside area that is family friendly . 
A family friendly pub called Giraffe near the river serves quick food . 
In the riverside is located a Fast Food pub called Giraffe and yes has a children area . 
Located in the riverside area , Giraffe is a kid friendly fast food pub . 
The Giraffe is a kid friendly pub offering Fast food on the riverside . 
Giraffe pub offers kid friendly fast food fare in the riverside area . 
There is a pub which is children friendly named Giraffe that has fast food located on the riverside . 
The Giraffe is a pub located in Riverside . They are kid - friendly and they serve fast food . 
A family friendly pub , Giraffe serves fast food in the riverside area . 
In Riverside , there is a great , family friendly fast - food pub called Giraffe , where children are welcome . 
There is a family friendly Fast food pub on the riverside called Giraffe . 
Giraffe is a Giraffe providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located in the city centre . 
Riverside pub Giraffe offers kid friendly food . 
Giraffe , the family friendly , fast food pub is in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is riverside pub with a family friendly atmosphere and and fast food . 
Giraffe is a kid friendly pub that provides fast food which is in the area of riverside . 
There is a child - friendly pub , Giraffe , which serves fast food by the river . 
Giraffe pub in the riverside area , serves Fast food and is family friendly . 
Giraffe is a Fast Food pub and yes has a children area . It is located in the riverside . 
There is a riverside pub offering fast food in a child friendly venue called Giraffe . 
located in the riverside area is the kid friendly Fast food pub Giraffe 
Giraffe is a family friendly Fast food pub on the riverside . 
Giraffe is a kid friendly , fast food pub in the riverside area . 
Giraffe is a Giraffe providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located in the city centre . 
The Giraffe pub is located in the riverside area , they are kid friendly and serve Fast food . 
Giraffe is a child - friendly riverside pub serving fast food . 
The Giraffe serves fast food in a kid friendly , pub style setting . It is located in the riverside area . 
A fast food pub in the riverside area that is kid friendly is Giraffe . 
Located at the riverside , the is a pub named Giraffe that serves Fast food and a Family friendly place . 
Giraffe is a pub style fast food restaurant in the riverside area that is also children friendly . 
In the riverside area , there is a fast food restaurant named Giraffe . It is children friendly and has pub like food . 
Located riverside , The Giraffe pub offers fast food and is family friendly . 
Fast food pub , Giraffe , is by the riverside , yes it 's kid friendly . 
For a family friendly , Fast food pub , you can find Giraffe by the riverside . 
Located in riverside , there is a children friendly fast food pub named Giraffe . 
Giraffe on the riverside is a Family friendly pub 
